Skip to main content
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Mail
Quick Links
: Translate
Google Translate
: Contact
: Give
: News
: Careers
: Enroll
Site Navigation
Home
About
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
The KIPP Foundation
The KIPP 5 Pillars
Board of Directors
Academics
Results
RFPs
Our Schools
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Elementary
KIPP Memphis Academy Elementary
KIPP Memphis Preparatory Elementary
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Middle
KIPP Memphis Academy Middle
KIPP Memphis Preparatory Middle
KIPP Memphis Collegiate High School
Parent Resources
KIPP Through College
Athletics
Employee Links
												About Us									
																						KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools																			
The KIPP Foundation
What Makes KIPP Unique
Civil Rights Public Notice and Wellness Policy
Contact KMCS
Our Partners
Board of Directors
RFPs
Annual Report
990
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools Mission Statement
The mission of KIPP Memphis is to create a network of high performing public charter schools in the Memphis community that will equip all students with the necessary academic and life skills needed to succeed in college and the competitive world beyond.
Who are we?
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools (KMCS) 
is part of the KIPP non-profit network of college-preparatory, public charter schools. There are currently over 200 KIPP schools in 20 states and the District of Columbia educating nearly 80,000 students in elementary, middle, and high school. 
Our schools are part of the free public school system and enrollment is open to all students. 
As a national network, KIPP has a 20-year track record of helping students in educationally underserved communities develop the knowledge, skills, and character strengths they need for success in college and life. KIPP Memphis began with one school in 2002; Today, we operate seven schools – three Elementary, three Middle, & one High educating nearly 3,000 students in North Memphis and South Memphis. 
What do we do?
KMCS builds a partnership among parents, students, and teachers that puts learning first. By providing outstanding educators, more time in school learning, and a strong culture of achievement, KMCS helps all students climb the mountain to and through college. 
Why it matters?
KIPP exists so that ALL children will reach their own potential and choose their own futures. We empower our students with the knowledge AND character strengths necessary for success in college and life so that they will become lifelong learners and productive citizens giving back to their communities.
The KMCS Regional Staff
The KMCS regional staff oversees the quality, sustainability, and growth of KIPP schools in Memphis. The office provides services to our KIPP schools including compliance, facilities management, finance and accounting, fundraising, human resources, operations, talent recruitment, and technology. The regional team also supports KMCS alumni as they persist to and through college, and provides support and coaching to school leadership teams. The goal of the regional office is to create a more efficient and sustainable school environment, where the focus is on teaching and learning.
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
2670 Union Ave Extd.
Suite 1100
Memphis, TN 38112
Office: 901-452-2682
Fax: 901-452-2753
Email: info@kippmemphis.org
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
powered by Educational Networks