Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
PROGRAMS
 »		
Academics
			 » AIUP's International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program			
AIUP's International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
What is the IB Middle Years?
The MYP aims to develop active learners and internationally minded young people who can empathize with others and pursue lives of purpose and meaning.
The programme empowers students to inquire into a wide range of issues and ideas of significance locally, nationally and globally. The result is young people who are creative, critical and reflective thinkers. 
Why offer the MYP?
Research
 shows that students participating in the MYP:
build confidence in managing their own learning
learn by doing, connecting the classroom to the larger world
outperform non-IB students in critical academic skills
 [PDF, 647KB]
consistently have greater success in IB Diploma Programme examinations
thrive in positive school cultures where they are engaged and motivated to excel
 [PDF, 3.2MB]
develop an understanding of global challenges and a commitment to act as responsible citizens.
The MYP was revised in September 2014 to provide a more rigorous and highly flexible framework that powerfully integrates with local educational requirements.  New 
industry-leading onscreen examinations
 and ePortfolios offer exciting opportunities for reliable, robust digital assessment of student achievement. 
Community and Service
Service to the community is an integral component of the IB MYP program. Students are encouraged to achieve their best, both academically and as members of the global community. Service to the community helps to develop responsibility and pride, as well as a sense of individual competence.
Service to the community takes many forms. A student club can provide many opportunities for service, both on and off campus. Students may also earn service time through cultural organizations and other non-profit organizations. However, the following guidelines must be followed.
Guidelines:
All service MUST BE PRE-APPROVED using the designated proposal form.
No compensation may be received for services.
All service must be for recognized non-profit organizations or non-governmental community-based organizations.
All service must benefit the general public.
A minimum of 20 hours must be earned each year.
Credit for no more than 5 on-campus service hours will be given. These hours must be for a structured and supervised event.
Logs of service completed must be maintained by the student and turned in for periodic checks.
CAS Prog Description
IB CAS Application
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
AIUP's International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
									AIUP's International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program								
IndigeNations Scholars - 11th & 12th Grades
Languages
Afterschool Program
Staff
Anahuacalmecac Graduation 2018
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.