Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
PROGRAMS
 »		
Council of Trustees
			 » Council of Trustees			
Council of Trustees
Semillas’ Council of Trustees embodies the legal decision-making authority of the organization and is charged with executing the mission and vision of the organization and charter schools and honoring the proposals generated in the Governance Assemblies and by faculty. The Council of Trustees holds four regular meetings per year and special meetings as needed. The following lists Council members currently serving:
Dr. Irene Vásquez
President, Co-Founder  of Semillas, Director of the Chicano Hispano Mexicano Studies Program at the University of New Mexico  
ivasquez@dignidad.org
Dr. Irene Vasquez received her Ph.D. in History from the University of California, Los Angeles. She has served as a member of the Council of Trustees since 2002. Some of her publications and editorial works include: “Chicana/o Movement,” New Dictionary of the History of Ideas (2004) and “Afro Latino Influences,” Encyclopedia Latina (2004). Dr. Vasquez held the position of Chair of the Chicana/o Studies Department at California State University, Dominguez Hills. Currently, she is Director of the Chicano Hispano Mexicano Studies Program at the University of New Mexico. She is an Associate Professor in American Studies.
Edmundo Pérez 
Treasurer, Zapotec Native, Parent Member, Entrepreneur, Community Advocate
eperez@dignidad.org
Mr. Edmundo Perez has been a member of the Council of Trustees since 2002. As an active member of the community of El Sereno, he also served as President and Treasurer for OPAM, an organization dedicated to serving indigenous immigrants from the state of Oaxaca, Mexico. He earned a veterinary/animal husbandry and accounting degree from El Colegio Nacional de Educación Tecnica from San Luis Potosí, Mexico. Mr. Perez is currently the Treasurer of the Council of Trustees and a parent of three students enrolled at Academia Semillas del Pueblo, Semillas’ K through 8th grade charter school.
Fabian García 
Secretary, Program Director at Southern California Consortium, Community Advocate
fgarcia@dignidad.org
As Program Director, Mr. Fabian Garica provides overall program leadership and coordination for matters relating to the implementation of the Southern California Consortium. Mr. Garcia aligns the environmental education program with the goals and objectives of the US Forest Service GPRA Strategic Plan, Presidential Executive Orders, and the Regional Forester's partnership and collaboration priority. He serves as principle liaison between government agencies, non-profit organizations, local businesses, school districts, as well as colleges and universities. Mr. Garcia collaborates to develop supportive services, outreach, recruitment, and career/school counseling to the urban areas.
The Southern California Consortium aims to educate under-served urban communities on the importance of natural resources. Currently, the program has established relationships with African-American communities in urban areas, and with Native-American and Asian programs now underway.
Dr. Reynaldo F. Macías
Professor, Chicana and Chicano Studies, UCLA
rfmacias@dignidad.org
Semillas welcomes UCLA Professor of Chican@ Studies, Dr. Reynaldo Macias. Dr. Macias was an undergraduate student at UCLA in the late 1960's. He was part of a student group that led the effort to establish a research center and academic program in Chicano Studies, and later became the first graduate student Chair of MEChA at UCLA. Nearly thirty years later, he is the newly appointed chair of the Ceasar Chavez Center for Interdisciplinary Instruction of Chicana and Chicano Studies. A prominent education and sociolinguistics scholar, Macias specializes in bilingual education, educational history and policy analysis, literacy, language demography, teacher preparation and multicultural curricular education. He has written on Chicanos in higher education, bilingualism, language minorities, and the changing demographics in the schools. Prior to returning to his alma mater, Macias was a Professor of Education at the University of California, Santa Barbara and director of the nine-campus University of California Linguistic Minority Research Institute. Macias hopes to bring international prominence to the Chavez Center by supporting the country's premier program in Chicano studies.
Honorable Deborah Sanchez
Superior Court,  County of Los Angeles
dsanchez@dignidad.org
Semillas welcomes L.A. County Superior Court presiding judge and one of only two Native American judges on the bench in Los Angeles County , Honorable Deborah Sanchez. Discussions are underway to design and develop a Teen Court program on our campus. According to the Probation Department, Teen Court offers an alternative sanction in the form of a diversion program for first time juvenile offenders in lieu of going thru the delinquency court.  Teen court consists of a volunteer judicial officer, a court coordinator (Deputy Probation Officer) and a jury composed of six peers.  Probation collaborates with the court, other law enforcement agencies, schools, attorneys, and community-based organizations in this program. The Judges volunteer to preside over the Teen Court thereby establishing a real court room on our campus. As a diversion to harsher penalties, Judge Sanchez, along with Judge Gilbert Lopez, will search for ways to change the behaviors of the defendants by engaging them with community and resources. Anahuacalmecac students will function as jury, bailiff, audience and other key roles associated with the Teen Court. Anahuacalmecac will contribute to the development of a unique battery of interventions under the guidance of the judges. If approved, Teen Court would be expected to start in Spring of 2015.
Marcos Aguilar
Executive Director,  Semillas Community Schools  Ex-Officio, non-voting member
info@dignidad.org
Marcos Aguilar is co-founder and Executive Director of Semillas Sociedad Civil. In 2001, he served as charter school developer for Escuelas Autonomas Dignidad, a community-based group of parents and educators where he was responsible for designing the curriculum, organizing strategist plans, community mobilization, budget management, and governmental relations. He also served as a bilingual single subject secondary teacher for the Los Angeles Unified School District from 1994-2001. Mr. Aguilar received a Bachelor’s degree in Chicana & Chicano Studies from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1994. Additionally, he holds both a single subject teaching credential in Social Science and a Masters in Education Administration from California State University, Los Angeles.
Dr. Juan Gómez Quiñones
Emeritus Board Member, Co-Founder, Professor, Department of History, University of California, Los Angeles
jgquinones@dignidad.org
Dr. Juan Gomez-Quiñones specializes in the fields of political, labor, intellectual and cultural history. He earned a B.A. in literature, M.A. in Latin-American Studies and a Ph.D. in History from the University of California, Los Angeles, where he now serves as Professor of History. Professor Gomez-Quiñones has been active in higher education, cultural promotion and Chicano Studies efforts. He was awarded a National Endowment for the Humanities Fellowship and pursued his research at the University of Texas. He trained in social analysis at the Newberry Library Community History Program, Chicago. Dr. Gomez-Quiñones was co-editor of “Aztlan, International Journal of Chicano Studies Research” and currently serves as President of the Council of Trustees for Semillas Sociedad Civil.v
									Council of Trustees								
Advisory Board
Staff
Council of Trustees Meeting 2015-2016 Agendas
Semillas Community Schools- Consejo (Board) of Meeting Agendas
Anahuacalmecac International University Preparatory- Consejo (Board) Meeting Agendas 
Council of Trustees Agendas 2017-18
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.