Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
PROGRAMS
 »		
Support Semillas
			 » Our Partners			
Our Partners
The David Lynch Foundation
The David Lynch Foundation helps to prevent and eradicate the all-pervasive epidemic of trauma and toxic stress among at-risk populations through promoting widespread implementation of the evidence-based Transcendental Meditation (TM) program in order to improve their health, cognitive capabilities and performance in life.
Thanks to the David Lynch Foundation, Anahuacalmecac has been awarded a grant to continue the expansion of the TM Program for all of our 6th through 12th grade students. The grant has covered scholarships for stress reduction instruction as well as professional training in Transcendental Meditation. The support for the TM Program at Semillas has also supported a cultural guide from our own community to enhance the program and ensure respect for the spiritual and cultural integrity of the school community.
Meet Semillas' TM Practitioner:
The Seventh Generation Fund for Indian Development
Seventh Generation Fund is an Indigenous non-profit organization dedicated to promoting and maintaining the uniqueness of Native peoples and the sovereignty of our distinct Nations. We offer an integrated program of advocacy, small grants, training and technical assistance, media experience and fiscal management, lending our support and extensive expertise to Indigenous grassroots communities. Learn about us, the programs and services we provide, our grantmaking guidelines and giving philosophies, upcoming events, online publications and so much more!
The Seventh Generation Fund for Indian Development, the only foundation in North America run entirely by Indigenous Peoples, recognized Semillas Community Schools’ work in education for Indigenous children with the Firekeeper’s Award. Semillas stood out among other indigenous leaders and organization also recognized, as the only educational or child-focused organization advancing access to the regeneration of a self-affirming design of schooling in the modern international context. 
The Asia Society Confucius Classrooms Networks
The Asia Society 
Confucius Classrooms Network
 of exemplary Chinese language and culture programs in the United States currently comprises more than 35,000 students studying Chinese in more than 100 elementary, middle, and high schools in 27 states and the District of Columbia. These schools all have a strong commitment to making their Chinese program a core part of a larger mission to help students become globally competent. The network asks each of its schools to implement an innovative project aimed at enhancing or expanding its Chinese language program, and to develop an ongoing and sustainable partnership with a school in China. 
Semillas was awarded recognition as an Asia Society Confucius Classroom school by the government of China. The award was granted along with several thousands of dollars worth of technology to promote student and teacher communication and exchanges between our schools and sister school programs in Wudang - Lau Ying (Old Eagle) China. As a part of this exchange Wudang Daoist Gong Fu Master Bing leads regular seminars on traditional Daoist martial arts, philosophy and culture with students and teachers at Semillas.
Social Movements
									Our Partners								
Donate Now
Fundraising
CONNECT WITH US
Career Opportunities
Staff
Videos
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.