Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
Xinaxcalmecac
			 » Xinaxcalmecac Academia Semillas del Pueblo			
Xinaxcalmecac Academia Semillas del Pueblo
Semillas represents a community-based charter school continuum in East Los Angeles, Anahuacalmecac International University Preparatory High School of North America for grades kinder through 12th. At Anahuacalmecac, students strive to become internationally-minded, culturally wise community members.
Beyond public schools,
Anahuacalmecac advocates for the internationally recognized rights of children, and Indigenous Peoples as proclaimed by the United Nations through cultural relevance and community empowerment across the continent. 
Anahuacalmecac is a 501(c)3 non-profit indigenous educational organization. Co-founded by Indigenous Mexican educators born in Mexico, 
Anahuacalmecac embodies a dream of an entire movement, the Chicano Movement - for an alternative education capable of fostering dignity in our children through autonomous intellect and knowledge. Moreover, 
Anahuacalmecac represents a community-based response to the international and local call for Indigenous education guided by the UN-DRIP as a model for decolonization by Indigenous Peoples across the continent. The Semillas co-founders arose from humble beginnings, consistently committed to sacrifice, turning the privileges of education into the promotion of a generational struggle on behalf of one's People, and the whole of humanity.
We are pleased to inform the public that after a multi-year and multi-pronged campaign, Semillas del Pueblo Community Schools has successfully earned the California State Board of Education’s authorization for our programs grades TK-12. This means that Anahuacalmecac International University Preparatory is authorized to provide curricular programs for all of our students TK-12, autonomous of the Los Angeles Unified School District. As a part of this authorization the SBE has required that we voluntarily close Xinaxcalmecac Academia Semillas del Pueblo (LAUSD authorized charter school) and enroll all students in grades K-8 into Anahuacalmecac. Xinaxcalmecac will continue to be the name of the IB Primary Years Program (TK-5) of Anahuacalmecac. 
Practically, this should not impact you or our students. Importantly, the State Board of Education has approved important material amendments to the charter of Anahuacalmecac which include an expansion of programs, a deepening of learning through and about Indigenous Peoples knowledge and a clarification of how our continuum of learning culminates in community, college and career readiness. Additionally, all special education services will now be provided through a new Special Education Local Plan Area (SELPA) called El Dorado County Office of Education SELPA. This SELPA serves all State authorized charter schools. Our school joined the El Dorado SELPA last year and the experience has been phenomenally better all around. A full copy of the charter is available upon request at the main desk or downloadable from our website 
www.dignidad.org.
In summary, this victory represents to both Semillas del Pueblo Community Schools and your children/our students, a significant opportunity to focus upon and disseminate our unique curricula and ways of learning and teaching as we continue to deepen the quality and breadth of Anahuacalmecac International University Preparatory’s educational continuum. We appreciate your long-standing support, resistance and unity as a community. The attached form will document the transition of your child’s admission into the charter of Anahuacalmecac.
Semillas Community Schools does not discriminate on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, age, race, color, national or ethnic origin, or disability in administration of its admissions or educational policies, other School-administered programs, or in employment. The School complies with the amended Family Education Rights and Privacy Act, Title VI and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.
									Xinaxcalmecac Academia Semillas del Pueblo								
Xinaxalmecac Academia Semillas del Pueblo - Consejo (Board) Meeting Agendas
Staff
Videos
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.