Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
PROGRAMS
 »		
Academics
			 » Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools			
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
LOS ANGELES' FIRST INDIGENOUS WORLD SCHOOLS
“Achieving the coveted IB authorization so that the school may call itself ‘An IB World School’ is no small achievement for any school. There are currently only 4,000 schools in 139 countries that have achieved this status, but for a grassroots, public charter school in the heart of Los Angeles barrios, this is nothing short of remarkable. The school owes its status to the hard and unceasing work of a dedicated faculty, themselves mostly first generation immigrants, many of whom are indigenous but also to the charismatic leadership of Marcos Aguilar and Minnie Ferguson. It is their leadership that has convinced me of the longevity and transparency of the school system, of its clear mission in creating their dream of the ‘new American’ and of its ability to manage the financial affairs of the schools.” - IB Consultant
“Curriculum” is defined as the program of study that a school offers. In national systems, this program is usually mandated through governmental agencies. In California, the curriculum is mandated by the State, however, the method of delivery of the curriculum is left to the school. The obvious question therefore is twofold: How do we meet the needs of students while applying the State of California educational standards? How do we ensure that we meet internationally accepted high standards? In searching to find the best answers to these questions, a group of international educators combined their own expertise with the best practices from the major national systems, and with this created a new way of developing curriculum. The result of their effort was the IB Continuum of programs: the Primary Years Program (PYP), the Middle Years Program (MYP), and the Diploma Program (DP). The IB Continuum provides a K-12 grade inquiry based approach that prepares students to become globally minded, well-balanced, critical thinkers that exceed local standards and meet international university standards.
Semillas believes that the IB supports our school philosophy and meets the needs of our students and teachers. Therefore, we have adopted this approach and will seek authorization to teach the PYP, MYP and the DP in order to provide the full IB continuum to students. This provides us with a solid curricular framework, while still allowing us to meet the unique needs of our students.
Anahuacalmecac and Academia were the first International Baccalaureate World Schools to be authorized in the city of Los Angeles and are the only World schools in East. LA. The International Baccalaureate (IB) is a recognized leader in the field of international education, working with selected internationally minded schools in 127 countries worldwide. For further information about the IBO and its program, visit  
http://www.ibo.org
.
									Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools								
AIUP's International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
AIUP's International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
IndigeNations Scholars - 11th & 12th Grades
Languages
Afterschool Program
Staff
Anahuacalmecac Graduation 2018
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.