Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
PROGRAMS
 »		
Academics
			 » AIUP's International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program			
AIUP's International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
What is the IB Primary Years?
The International Baccalaureate® (IB) Primary Years Programme is a curriculum framework designed for students aged 3 to 12.
It prepares students for the intellectual challenges of further education and their future careers, focusing on the development of the whole child as an inquirer, both in the classroom and in the world outside.
Find out how to 
become an IB World School
, in order to implement the programme, and read about the benefits and objectives of the PYP curriculum below.
What the PYP offers students
By choosing to implement the PYP, schools will develop students’ academic, social and emotional wellbeing, focusing on international-mindedness and strong personal values. The PYP nurtures independent learning skills, encouraging every student to take responsibility for their learning.
The programme incorporates local and global issues into the curriculum, asking students to look at six related, transdisciplinary themes and to consider the links between them. The themes include ‘who we are’, ‘where we are in place and time’ and ‘how the world works’.
Read about the content of the PYP in more detail.
Why offer the PYP?
The PYP delivers excellent results for students aged 3 to 12. For example:
PYP students outperformed non-IB students in mathematics, reading and writing in a 
global International Schools’ Assessment study
 that ran from 2009-2011
A 
2014 national study in Australia
 found that students in the PYP perform better than the national average in nationwide science tests
Taking on the PYP is a road of discovery for schools. The PYP invigorates learning and teaching, and transforms school community and culture. Watch this video to see two schools on their journey.
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
									AIUP's International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program								
AIUP's International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
IndigeNations Scholars - 11th & 12th Grades
Languages
Afterschool Program
Staff
Anahuacalmecac Graduation 2018
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.