Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
PROGRAMS
 »		
School Governance
			 » School Governance			
School Governance
Establishing an honest, accountable and harmonious organism of governance for Semillas is a fundamental element of our pedagogy. All community members in the teaching/learning dialectic of our school are active participants. The comprehensive design of our school reflects a model that allows for the full participation of working people. Accountability is ensured by every child, parent, and teacher of the school through town-hall type gatherings called Asambleas Comunitarias. The Semillas governance design provides for fair and participatory school governance. We draw from traditional indigenous forms of social organization in building a collective responsibility 
for school governance. Specifically, Semillas community-based governance is modeled after the indigenous Mexican political form and traditions known as the Calpulli. Indigenous governance begins with the principles of serving collective interests, assembling an informed polity, and honestly administering and executing collective decisions in practical and effective methods.
The Semillas governance model is guided by indigenous traditions, which emphasize community-based decision-making. Semillas charter schools are operated by a separate legal entity independent of the Los Angeles Unified School District, Semillas Sociedad Civil (“Semillas”), an IRS-designated 501 (c) (3) nonprofit public benefit organization incorporated on May 1, 2002. Semillas is governed in accordance with applicable California Corporations Code sections and is established to operate charter schools. As provided for in the California Corporations Code, Semillas is governed by a Council of Trustees (“Council”), whose members have a legal responsibility for the operation of the school. The purposes of the corporation are to manage, operate, guide, direct, support and promote charter schools and to encourage and support the appreciation of the cultural and intellectual heritage of Indigenous Peoples. The corporation is managed by an executive director, Marcos Aguilar, who is charged with managing nonprofit development operations as delegated by the Council.
Anahuacalmecac and Academia operate as divisions of Semillas and are governed by Community Councils, understanding that the Council of Trustees has the ultimate legal and fiduciary responsibility for the school. The Council of Trustees have assigned day-to-day administration of the charter schools to a Director of Schools, Gerardo Felix, who is charged with managing academic operations. Community stakeholders, such as charter school parents and local elders, engage charter school administrators through regular dialogue to advise and provide input in the schools’ decision-making processes called Yehcohtzintle (el Agradable Compromiso, the Good Compact)
For information about a particular meeting held by our Council of Trustees, please submit your request by calling (323) 352-3148.
									School Governance								
Staff
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.