Ánimo South Los Angeles
Charter High School
<
1
2
>
View All News
Traducir esta página:
Quick Links
Middle Schools
High Schools
Ánimo Jefferson
Ánimo Mae Jemison
Ánimo Ellen Ochoa
Ánimo James B. Taylor
Ánimo Western
Ánimo Phillis Wheatley
Ánimo Westside
Ánimo College Prep
Ánimo Inglewood
Ánimo Jackie Robinson
Ánimo Leadership
Locke Family of Schools
Oscar De La Hoya Ánimo
Ánimo Pat Brown
Ánimo Ralph Bunche
Ánimo South Los Angeles
Ánimo Venice
Ánimo Watts
Fairley High School (Memphis)
Upcoming Events
					There are no events to display.														
Our School at a Glance
Address:
11130 S Western Avenue
 Los Angeles, CA 90047
Get directions
Principal:
Taiala Carvalho
(323) 333-9002
tcarvalho@animo.org
Assistant Principal:
Ifeoluwa Oyedele
(323) 559-3837
Opened:
2004
Grades:
9-12
ASLA ranked among America's Best High Schools by Newsweek
Greetings!
Animo South Los Angeles Charter High School is a special learning community because of our amazing staff and the families we serve.  We are a public charter school that is dedicated to serve our local community.  Our mission is to prepare every student for College, Leadership and Life.  We are a small learning community that serves approximately 630 families.  We annually graduate more than 90% of our students because we provide a rigorous, college preparatory curriculum that balances enrichment and intervention courses.
Although a small school in comparison to other local high schools, our students have several opportunities to participate in extra-curricual activities that support their preparation for College, Leadership and Life- Panther Student Government, Dance, and Music Production classes, along with CIF sports teams, like Football and Softball, to name a few.  Our staff is committed to cultivating greatness in every one of our students.  We also offer seven Advanced Placement courses and our students can earn additional college credit through our partnership with Los Angeles Southwest College.
Our doors are always open.  We hope to see you on our campus soon!  
Click the image above to apply online. Please have available:
Your student’s 5-digit school ID number
If applicable to anyone in your household, their benefit case number (CalWorks/CalFresh)
If applying online, you do not need to submit a paper application to the school office.
Only one free and reduced meal application needs to be completed per household.
Complete your healthy kids survey 2015!
Click here to take the survey >>
ATTENTION 11TH/12TH GRADE PARENTS:
Please refer to the FIVE different bus routes available to our 11th and 12th grade students (click on the links below to download).
Bus Route 1
Bus Route 2
Bus Route 3
Bus Route 4
Bus Route 5
We will go over this information in more detail during our PARENT ORIENTATION at 11:00am on the Animo Mae Jemison Campus (12700 S. Avalon Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90061).
We look forward to seeing all of you there – thank you for your continued patience!
GO PANTHERS!
IMPORTANT Information about 2014-15 School Year
9th and 10th graders will be attend school at the ASLA campus: 11130 S. Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90047
11th and 12th graders will attend school at the Animo Mae Jameson campus: 12700 S. Avalon Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90061
IMPORTANT Documents
Click the links below to download:
ASLA Summer UPDATE_English
ASLA Summer UPDATE_Spanish
ASLA 2014-15 Calendar
News and Announcements
Green Dot Public Schools announces its participation in the National School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs.
Seamless Summer News Release
Green Dot Public Schools announces its participation in the federally funded Seamless Summer Food Program for summer 2015. 
Eight Green Dot High Schools Ranked Among Best in the U.S.
Eight Green Dot Public Schools have been named America's Best High Schools by US News & World Report, the most in the non-profit charter school network's 15-year history.
Green Dot Public Schools to Name Locke Ball Fields for Hall of Famers and Alumni Ozzie Smith and Eddie Murray
Green Dot Public School will name the newly renovated baseball and softball fields at Alain LeRoy Locke College Prep Academy after two of Locke High School's most famous alumni: baseball Hall of Famers Ozzie Smith and Eddie Murray.
Six Green Dot High School Ranked Among Nation's Most Challenging to Student
Six Green Dot Public Schools high schools are among the top 2% most challenging to their students in the country, according to the Challenge Index, a survey by the Washington Post that measures the level of opportunity students have to take tougher courses such as Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate.
© Green Dot Public Schools | 11130 Western Avenue| Los Angeles, CA 90047 
Phone (323) 779-0544 | Fax (323) 779-0565
powered by finalsite
Staff Biographies
News & Announcements
Photo & Video Gallery
Teacher & Staff Directory
Single School District Plan
Finance
Contact & Location
Courses Offered
Graduation Requirements
Results
Alumni
PowerSchool
Clubs & Activities
Athletics
Academic & College Resources
Request Your Transcript
Summer & Enrichment Opportunities
Policies & Forms
PowerSchool
School Advisory Council
Academic & College Resources
English Learner Resources
Financing College
Supplemental Education Service & Public School Choice
Policies & Forms
Parent Letters
AMP Schedule
School Calendar
Daily Bell Schedule
Staff Directory
District Calendar
Site Map
User Login
close
Loading...