Skip to Main Content
District Home
Select a School...
Select a School
Abbottston Elementary
Academy for College and Career Exploration
Accelerator Program
Alexander Hamilton Elementary School
Arlington Elem/Middle
Armistead Gardens School
Arundel Elementary/Middle
Augusta Fells Savage Institute of Visual Arts High
Baltimore International Academy Elementary/Middle
Baltimore IT Academy
Banneker Blake Academy for Arts and Sciences
Barclay Elementary/Middle: A University Assisted Community School
Bay-Brook Elementary/ Middle School
Beechfield Elementary/Middle School
Belmont Elementary
Benjamin Franklin High School at Masonville Cove
Bluford Drew Jemison STEM Academy West
Booker T. Washington Middle School for the Arts
Brehms Lane Elementary
Callaway Elementary
Calverton Elementary/Middle
Calvin M. Rodwell Elementary
Career Academy
Carver Vocational-Technical High
Cecil Elementary
Charles Carroll Barrister Elementary
City Schools Inside
City Springs School
Claremont High School
Coldstream Park Elementary Middle School
Collington Square Elem/Middle
Cross Country Elem/Middle
Curtis Bay Elem/Middle
Dallas F. Nicholas Sr. Elementary
Dickey Hill Elementary/Middle
Digital Harbor High School
Dorothy I. Height Elementary
Dr. Bernard Harris, Sr. Elementary
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Elem/ Middle
Dr. Nathan A. Pitts-Ashburton Elementary/Middle School
Eager Street Academy
Edgecombe Circle Elementary School
Edgewood Elementary
Elementary/Middle
Elmer A. Henderson: A Johns Hopkins Partnership School
Empowerment Academy Elem/Middle
Eutaw-Marshburn Elementary
Excel Academy @ Francis M. Wood High School
Fallstaff Elementary Middle
Federal Hill Preparatory
Forest Park Senior High
Fort Worthington Elementary Middle School
Francis Scott Key Elementary/Middle
Frederick Elementary School
Freesite231
Friendship Academy at Cherry Hill
Friendship Academy of Engineering & Technology Mid
Furley Elementary
Gardenville Elementary
George W. F. McMechen High School
George Washington Elementary
Gilmor Elementary
Glenmount Elementary/Middle
Govans Elementary
Graceland Park-O'Donnell Heights Elem/Middle
Great Kids Farm
Grove Park Elem/Middle
Guilford Elementary/Middle
Hamilton Elementary/Middle School
Hampden Elementary/Middle
Hampstead Hill Academy Elementary/Middle
Harlem Park Elementary/Middle
Hazelwood Elem/Middle
Heritage Early Learning Center
Highlandtown Elem/Middle
Highlandtown Elementary/Middle #215
Hilton Elementary
Holabird Academy (Elementary/Middle)
Home and Hospital Program
Independence School Local I High
James McHenry Elementary Middle School
James Mosher Elementary
John Ruhrah Elem/Middle
Johnston Square Elementary School
Joseph C. Briscoe Academy
KASA Middle/High
Lakeland Elementary/Middle
Lakewood Elementary
Leith Walk Elementary/Middle
Lockerman Bundy Elementary
Lois T. Murray Elem/Middle
Lyndhurst Elementary Middle School
Maree G. Farring Elementary/Middle- A Title I School
Margaret Brent Elementary/Middle
Mary Ann Winterling Elementary
Mary E. Rodman Elementary
Matthew A. Henson Elementary
Medfield Heights Elementary
Middle Alternative Program @ Lombard
Montebello Elementary/Middle
Moravia Park Elementary School
Morrell Park Elementary/Middle
National Academy Foundation
New Era Academy High School
New Song Academy Elem/Middle
North Bend Elementary Middle School
Northwestern High School
Northwood Elementary
Patterson High
Paul Laurence Dunbar High
Paul Laurence Dunbar Middle
Pimlico Elementary/Middle
Robert W. Coleman Elementary
Rognel Heights Elementary/Middle
Roland Park Elementary/Middle
Rosemont Elem/Middle
Samuel F. B. Morse Elementary
Sarah M. Roach Elementary
Sinclair Lane Elementary
Steuart Hill Academic Academy
Success Academy Program
Tench Tilghman Elementary/Middle
testSite
The Green School Elementary
Frederick Douglass High School
The Historic Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Elementary
The Midtown Academy
The Reach Middle/High
The Stadium School
Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Johnson Elementary Middle School
Vanguard Collegiate Middle School
Violetville Elementary/Middle
Vivien T. Thomas Medical Arts Academy
Walter P. Carter Elem/Middle
Waverly Elementary/Middle
Westport Academy Elementary/Middle
William Paca Elementary
William Pinderhughes Elementary
William S. Baer School
Windsor Hills Elem/Middle School
Woodhome Elementary/Middle
Yorkwood Elementary
Youth Opportunity Academy
Achievement Academy at Harbor City High School
Sign In
Register
Afterschool and Summer Programs
Page Navigation
Afterschool and Summer Programs
City Springs Afterschool Programs
City Springs prides itself in offering students a variety of enriching and exciting afterschool and summer programs. Below is a list of all current on- and off-site offerings for the 2017-18 school year. For more information on our afterschool programming, contact Ms. Emily Garrish via phone at 410-396-9165 or via email at 
ELGarrish@bcps.k12.md.us
.
Athletic Programs
City Springs wants to improve student achievement, school attendance, and student health and wellness through athletics. Many of our students are highly motivated to participate in athletics. We will use this desire to ensure that student achievement improves and that students set academic achievement goals and personal standards that exceed their present goals and standards. 
Click here
 for more information on our athletics program.
Child First Out of School Time
Child First proudly partners with City Springs to provide a comprehensive and engaging afterschool program for students in grades K-5 that runs for 2 hours on Monday through Thursday. The first hour focuses on academic enrichment. Children are grouped into 6 classes by ability level and focus on strengthening math, language, and reading skills. For the second hour, students choose from an array of enrichment classes and activities. Current offerings include: yoga, fitness, art, boy’s and girl’s mentoring, young achievers (manners and leadership skills), drama, Lego building and engineering, and board games.
For more information on Child First’s afterschool programming, please contact our Community School Coordinator Mr. Ahmad Collick via phone at 410-396-9165 or via email at 
acollick@childfirstauthority.org
.
Debate Team
Baltimore Urban Debate League
 uses the art of debate to change lives. BUDL brings learning to life by making it relevant, real, and fun. In competitive debate and in the debate classroom students do more than just memorize and spit back facts, they own and direct their learning, they approach a topic from where they are and by doing so they find their voice, their purpose, and their power. Students in BUDL develop a thirst for knowledge and become inspired to seek and utilize new information.
Girls on the Run
Girls on the Run
 is dedicated to creating a world where every girl knows her limitless potential and boldly pursues her dreams. Running is used to inspire and motivate girls, encourage lifelong health and fitness, and build confidence through accomplishment. Important social, psychological, and physical skills and abilities are developed and reinforced throughout the program. Students begin by learning the basics of running, including proper breathing, stretching before the run, and building up endurance. After months of practice, the program culminates when the girls compete in a 5K run. We are grateful to our partner CareFirst for making it possible to have Girls on the Run at City Springs.
Middle Grades Partnership
For over 10 years, 
Middle Grades Partnership
 has been changing the trajectory of the lives of Baltimore middle school students. MGP brings together public-private school partnerships to provide exceptional programming that halts summer learning loss, balances enrichment with skill development and brings communities together to address silos of race, class and opportunity. City Springs currently supports two MGP programs, a boy’s partnership with Boys’ Latin School of Maryland and a girl’s partnership with Garrison Forest School.
The POWER House Community Center
The POWER House 
offers year-round out-of-school time programming focused on five core areas: education and career development, civic development, health and life skills, the arts, and health and wellness. POWER is an acronym for Providing Opportunities to Work, Expand, and Rise. The POWER House community center is located directly in Perkins Homes, Baltimore's largest public housing community and the home of many City Springs families.
Sister Circle
Sisters Circle
 provides long-term mentoring to foster meaningful and sustainable change in the lives of girls and young women in Baltimore. Through monthly cultural, educational and recreational events, Sisters Circle students gain exposure to the world beyond their front doorstep and benefit from our community of support.
The Under Armour House at Fayette
The UA House 
serves over one hundred students daily with academic enrichment, health, sports and physical fitness education, and career development. The UA House at Fayette features a covered turf field (sponsored by the Baltimore Ravens), a tutoring center, a workforce development and entrepreneurship lab, a dance and yoga studio, a music education and recording studio, and a neighborhood kitchen.
Young Kings
Young Kings' Leadership Academy
 serves Baltimore City middle school students and illuminates their full potential by providing unique learning opportunities beyond the classroom. We cultivate scholars to enthusiastically strive for academic excellence and transformational leadership that positively impact the culture of their school and the communities that they live in. 
Copyright © 2016 Baltimore City Public Schools
Sign-In
Sign Out
Access Info
Site Manager
Register
Email Access
Grades
Site Map
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Notice
Home
About Our School
Curriculum
Direct Instruction
Singapore Math
Core Knowledge
Newsroom
Activities
Athletics
Afterschool and Summer Programs
Resource Classes
Field Trips
Celebrations
Family & Community
Overview
School Resources
Community Partners
College & Career Readiness
Partner, Volunteer, Donate
Contact Us
Calendar
Questions or Feedback?
 | 
Blackboard Web Community Manager Privacy Policy (Updated)
 | 
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2002-2018 Blackboard, Inc. All rights reserved.
CLOSE
CLOSE