Home
About Us
Overview
Board & Governance
Overview
Agendas & Minutes History
Bylaws
Alumni
Graduates
Networking Hub
Join Our Team
Admissions
Overview/Process
Online Applications
Lottery Results
Information Sessions
Admissions FAQ
HTH Clairemont Campus Interest Form
Schools
Elementary Schools
High Tech Elementary
High Tech Elementary Explorer
High Tech Elementary Chula Vista
High Tech Elementary North County
Middle Schools
High Tech Middle
High Tech Middle Media Arts
High Tech Middle Chula Vista
High Tech Middle North County
High Schools
High Tech High
High Tech High International
High Tech High Media Arts
High Tech High Chula Vista
High Tech High North County
High Tech High Mesa
Student Work
Projects
Publications
@hightechhigh
Adult Learning
Graduate School of Education
Teacher Center
Visit HTH
Deeper Learning Conference
Residencies & Institutes
Unboxed
Support Us
Fundraisers
HTH Foundation
Search for:            
Language
​
▼
High Tech High
High Tech High's newest campus, HTH Mesa, opens August 2018 starting with 9th grade.
Read More →
Admissions FAQ’s
Can you give me more information about the HTH waiting pool process?
Students who apply and are not admitted are automatically placed in the waiting pool. The waiting pool is not a sequential list and students are admitted from the waiting pool based on zip-code and the other lottery priorities. Spots are filled on a rolling basis whenever a space opens up at one of our schools. We contact the family via the email and text via the phone number listed on the application. Please do not contact the Admissions Office to inquire about the status of a student in the waiting pool. We will contact you if your child is selected. We appreciate your patience and understanding.
What are the criteria for admission to High Tech High?
All applicants must submit an application via our website at www.hightechhigh.org/admissions during the admissions period. Other criteria for admission include California residence and successful completion of the previous grade. Paper applications are also available during the admissions season and can be submitted to 2861 Womble Road, San Diego, CA 92106.
When is the best time to apply to an HTH school?
The admissions cycle goes from November 1st through February 28th of each year. If you are interested in 6th grade for your child, for example, you should apply while your child is in the 5th grade. Applications are only accepted for the following school year. The applications are not accepted on a first come first served basis- anyone who applies during the admissions cycle will be entered into the lottery for admission regardless of when they applied.
How old does my child have to be to enter kindergarten?
A child must turn 5 years old on or before September 1st for the 2016-17 school year and each school year thereafter. (EC Section 48000[a]). We do not make exceptions to this rule.
Does HTH offer Transitional Kindergarten?
Because participation in Transitional Kindergarten (TK) is optional for charter schools, HTH elementary schools have chosen not to offer TK, We will only accept those Kindergarten applicants who are 5 years old on or before September 1st. No exceptions will be made.
How many spaces do you have available?
The best years to apply to an HTH school are grades Kindergarten, 6th and 9th. All other grades are non-transitional years, which means that there will be VERY LIMITED SPACES (if any) available. We will not know how many spaces we will have available until late in the school year or even the fall, but if there are any spaces available please keep in mind that there will be extremely few openings.
What are my chances of getting admitted?
The chance of being selected in the lottery vary greatly by the grade and school to which one is applying. High Tech High uses a computerized lottery that chooses students randomly but factors in the student’s zip code. Because we do not know how many students at each particular grade will apply from each zip code for each year, it is impossible to predict odds of a particular applicant getting in. We typically receive about four times as many applications as we have available spots. If you have applied for a grade other than Kindergarten, 6th or 9th, there will be VERY LIMITED SPACES (if any) available. We will not know how many spaces we will have available possibly until mid-June, but if there are any spaces available please keep in mind that there will be extremely few openings.
If I previously applied for admission at High Tech High, but my child was not admitted, is it necessary to submit an entirely new application this year?
Yes. If you have applied in the past, but your child was not accepted to the school or your child did get accepted but does not currently attend an HTH school, you must submit a new application. The waiting pool is only valid for one school year.
If my child were to attend an HTH middle school would they also be qualified for an HTH high school? Would I need to re-enter my child in the lottery for high school?
We do require currently enrolled HTH students in the 5th and 8th grade to complete a re-enrollment form, but once they complete it, he or she is guaranteed a space in one of the middle or high schools (within the same campus).
Do you have a sibling preference?
Siblings of students who are currently enrolled are given a preference. The sibling preference is based on zip code and it is not a guarantee of admission. In addition, sibling applicants are only given a preference when applying to a school in the same village as their sibling. There is no sibling preference for two siblings who apply at the same time or from one village to the other.
What about twins?
Due to the large amount of applications we receive from twins and other multiples, we do not offer guaranteed admission for both twins if one is admitted in the lottery. Twins will be treated like other siblings for admissions purposes; they are not guaranteed admission, but they are given a preference if they are a sibling of a currently enrolled student.
I submitted an application but I did not receive the Lottery ID with my confirmation?
We are no longer using Lottery IDs as part of our admissions process. After the lottery is run, an email will be sent to the email registered to each applicant account notifying that the results are available. To view results, applicants will log in to their School Mint accounts and view results from their account page.
I already submitted an application, but I want to change some of the information on it. What should I do?
You should be able to login to your account and edit most of the information for the applicant. Please DO NOT submit another application. Duplicate applications will be deleted.
How do I find out if my child was accepted?
Due to the thousands of applications we receive, High Tech High does not have the capacity to bring applicants into a room to observe the lottery process. Results of the HTH admissions lottery will be available in your School Mint account and posted to this website once the lottery has concluded.
You will be notified via email that the results are available. Then, applicants will be able to login to their accounts and see their results by mid-April. In order to secure his or her space, admitted students need to log in to the admissions account 
here
 and complete additional steps before the April deadline. Anyone who is not admitted after the lottery will automatically be entered into the waiting pool. Applicants in the waiting pool will be considered on a rolling basis as spaces become available. If an applicant is not admitted for the academic year they applied for, they will be required to resubmit a new application in order to be considered for the following year.
How do I know that you received the application I submitted?
If you apply online an email confirmation will be sent automatically to the email address(es) you provided. You can also log into your account and view your application(s). We are only about to provide confirmations for paper applications that include an email address.
Is it possible to visit an HTH school to see if I am interested in my child attending?
Unfortunately, due to the number of applicants we receive, we are not able to accommodate individual tours for admissions purposes. Please attend one of the informational admissions meetings where you will have the opportunity to learn more about HTH, meet school staff and current students, and ask questions.
 Can I apply to more than one HTH Campus?
Applicants may only complete ONE
 application per student. The application allows applicants to rank the campuses by preference. Your application will only be considered for the lottery pool of your campus of preference (first choice). However, you will be considered for your second choice campus if and only if the waiting pool for your second choice campus has been exhausted. 
Do you provide buses?
HTH does not provide transportation. Students who apply and are eligible for free or reduced lunch are provided with a free bus pass to use public transportation to and from school. Many families carpool.
Why does the HTH application ask whether my child is currently eligible to receive Free or Reduced Lunch?
Students who are currently participating in the Federal Free and Reduced Lunch Program are eligible to receive a statistical advantage in the admissions lottery. A letter from the school or district, as proof of participation, is necessary to receive this statistical advantage. Applicants must submit this letter either by fax: 619-243-5045, or regular mail: 2861 Womble Rd. San Diego, CA 92106 before the admissions deadline. Please choose ONE method to submit this letter. The purpose of this is to ensure an equal representation of students at High Tech High from across income levels.
How do I know if I qualify for the Free or Reduced Lunch program?
Below are the USDA Eligibility Guidelines. Please use them to determine if your family qualifies for free or reduced lunch. Once you determine eligibility, you will need to apply through your child’s current school/district and provide us with that letter.
INCOME ELIGIBILITY GUIDELINES
Income Eligibility Guidelines
July 1, 2016–June 30, 2017
Household Size
Year
Month
Twice Per Month
Every Two Weeks
Week
1
$21,978
$ 1,832
$916
$846
$423
2
29,637
2,470
1,235
1,140
570
3
37,296
3,108
1,554
1,435
718
4
44,955
3,747
1,874
1,730
865
5
52,614
4,385
2,193
2,024
1,012
6
60,273
5,023
2,512
2,319
1,160
7
67,951
5,663
2,832
2,614
1,307
8
75,647
6,304
3,152
2,910
1,455
    For each additional family member, add:
$7,696
$642
$321
$296
$148
What will happen after I submit an application (either online or via mail)?What if my child is applying for Kindergarten or they do not have the free/reduced lunch program at his or her current school?
If the applicant has an older sibling who qualifies at his or her school, please send the letter from the older sibling and include the name of the kindergarten applicant on that letter. If not, please contact the admissions office for alternative methods of providing income verification.
My child was admitted, what are the steps I need to follow to secure his or her space?
Initial admissions decisions are conditional. In order to reserve the position prior to registration, admitted applicants must take further action. You will need to 
login here 
 and accept your space BEFORE Monday, April 24th at 12:30 pm in order to reserve your space. Applicants who do not accept by the deadline will forfeit their admission.
My child was admitted to one of the schools, but I would prefer them to attend another HTH school, can they transfer?
Transfers are not permitted between HTH schools except in cases of extremely extenuating circumstances. If you wish to make your case, you may submit a formal request to transfer schools outlining the reason for the switch by contacting us on the form located on the bottom of the 
admissions home page
. This request must be received no later than April 29th.
What should I do if I have contacted the admissions office and I have not heard back?
Due to the high volume of emails and phone calls we receive, please understand a delay in response. We appreciate your interest in High Tech High schools!
Is HTH opening a new campus in Clairemont Mesa?
High Tech High will be opening its newest campus, HTH Mesa, in August 2018 beginning with a high school for 9th grade only.   The 20-acre, K-12 campus will be fully refurbished and remodeled over the coming months, and will be filled over a 4-5 year build-out period.
Board & Governance
Compliance Documents
Employment
Student & Parent Handbook
Calendar
Contact Us
© High Tech High 2000-2018. All rights reserved. | 
Privacy & Terms
Original text
Contribute a better translation