HOME
ABOUT US
NEWS
ENROLL
CLASS PAGES
OFFERINGS
PARENTS
STUDENTS
More
Maria Montessori Charter Academy
1850 Wildcat Blvd, Rocklin, CA ~ 
916-630-1510
Enrollment for the 2018-2019 school year now open!  
Apply today! 
Our Program
Maria Montessori Charter Academy (“MMCA”) is a tuition–free, non-profit Kindergarten – 8th grade public elementary school emphasizing the Montessori philosophy within the accountability and framework of the CA state standards.
The school was founded in 2000 by a group of parents who wanted to have Montessori education available for all children, not just those who could afford a private school.
​
With our program, we combine what we believe are the best aspects of the Montessori philosophy with traditional “public school” materials.
Our school emphasizes all of the traditional standards-based subjects – reading, spelling, language, math, etc., while also emphasizing a broader curriculum, including geography, botany, zoology, art, practical life, etc. In addition, we use standard-based report cards to give parents a more accurate reflection of their child’s comparative knowledge base.
To meet our students’ needs, we put nearly all of our resources into our classrooms. Some of the more unique features of our school include:
Two CA credentialed teachers (with Montessori training) per classroom
We have multi-aged classrooms with student to teacher ratios of 17:1 or less
Interactive, manipulative-based hands on learning environment
Lessons are given in small, ability-based groups
Individualized learning plans are developed for every student, backed by continuous assessment of student performance
MMCA’s 2015-2016 C.D.E. “School Accountability Report Card” (“SARC”) 
available here.
Mission Statement
The mission of MMCA is to provide a Montessori-based educational environment which has the tools, programs, resources and support to enable students to become educated to high international academic standards and to develop themselves to their fullest capacity as competent, happy, productive individuals, family members, workers, and contributors to a better society and a peaceful world.
This is achieved through a heavy commitment from parents, teachers, community groups, the legislature and, most importantly, the individual child, and is grounded in a philosophy of trust in individuals to seek their own highest levels.
The attributes we strive to develop within our students include:
​
​
Academic Excellence
Artistic Expression
Moral Character
Practical Accomplishments
Conflict Resolution Skills
Compassion and Service to Others
Visionary Leadership
Exceptional Courtesy and Manners
Our Philosophy
Montessori philosophy states that a child has an innate desire to learn and produce purposeful, meaningful work. While there are many interpretations as to what exactly a “Montessori education” is, the relatively universal goals of a Montessori education would be to:
Stimulate the child’s innate love of learning
​
Provide a nurturing, cooperative learning environment
​
Incorporate all the senses in the learning experience
​
Consider the whole child
​
Encourage respect for self, others, the environment, and all life
﻿﻿© 2018 by Maria Montessori Charter Academy.
Webmaster