­
Academic Calendar
Let's Talk!
Handbook
Wellness Policy
School Cafe
Our Schools
Skyward
Voly
Home
About
About Us
News
Extracurricular Activities
Academics
Academics
Calendars
Curriculum
Special Programs
T-STEM
Parents
Students
Admissions
Admissions
Apply Now
FAQ
Staff
Staff Quick Links
Employee Portal
Harmony Dashboard
JobTraQ
Operations Dashboard
Purchase Order
School Dude
Staff Email
TEAMS ESC
Workshops
Careers
Academics
Home
 Academics
Rigor, Relevance, and Relationships
Reading, writing, and ‘rithmetic may be the traditional “3 R’s of many school systems, but Harmony has developed and adopted its own version of the 3Rs to set higher goals for our students.
Rigorous
Prepares students for college
Relevant
Reinforces math and science skills
Relationships
Relationships, reinforced by teachers and parents
How we do it
The success of our students at Harmony is based on a program emphasizing academic excellence while motivating student achievement.
Harmony Curriculum is built using the “Backward Design” model and is aligned with Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills (TEKS) standards.
To learn more about what your child is learning at Harmony Public Schools, to access online resources, and to help enhance your child’s learning at home, explore the
		Academic Programs Website
What does "STEM-FOCUSED" mean?
Harmony’s STEM (science, technology, engineering and science) curriculum is student-centered and inquiry-based and emphasizes mastery of 21st century skills that all students will need to be successful in college and career.
Our STEM program is a part of Harmony Public Schools Academic Department, which involves a team of curriculum specialists, instructional coaches, and lead teachers in Harmony Public Schools System.
It has three components:
Professional Development
Harmony believes that content-focused professional development is a critical need to ensure the quality of teaching science and mathematics. Our STEM training model has two major components; the mastery of content knowledge and delivery of the content with effective instructional practices.
HPS Project-Based Learning Program (PBL)
Project-Based Learning is an instructional approach that emphasizes collaboration and personalized learning. In PBL, student groups engage in meaningful inquiry that is of personal interest. These problems are real-life oriented, curriculum-based, and often interdisciplinary.Learners decide what activities or processes to perform. They collect information from a variety of sources, and then analyze, synthesize, and derive understanding from it.Harmony developed a standards-aligned, cross-disciplinary, multi-sensory model called STEM Students on the Stage (STEM SOS) that integrates three core subject areas: a STEM subject, social studies, and English language arts. The cross-curricular connections and hands-on learning deepen students’ understanding of topics they choose while allowing teachers to more actively engage their students in new ways of learning.
Learn more about STEM SOS
STEM Culture
The department also provides strategies and resources for schools to build STEM school atmosphere connecting the students to higher education. We design a variety of opportunities for students to take STEM education “beyond the classroom” and see how today’s instruction connects to career and lifelong learning.
Now Accepting Applications for 2018 - 2019 Enrollment
		Apply Here
Harmony School of Science - Houston
5435 S. Braeswood Blvd Houston, Texas 77096
Grades
K - 8th
Phone
(713) 729-4400
            Social:            
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
LinkedIn Icon
Contact Us
Our Geographic Boundaries
Anonymous Reporting
If you are experiencing a problem with bullying at Harmony, or have other discipline-related concerns regarding one of our schools, please fill out the form at the link below for the Dean of Students.
Bullying Report Form
HPS Child Find Policy
It is the policy of the Harmony Public Schools to ensure that
All children with disabilities enrolled in the charter school regardless of the severity of their disability, and who are in need of special education and related services, are identified, located, and evaluated; and
A practical method is developed and implemented to determine which children are currently receiving needed special education and related services.
These requirements apply to:
Homeless children;                            
Children who are wards of the state;
Highly mobile children (including migrant children); and
Children who are suspected of being in need of special education but who areadvancing from grade to grade.
20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(3)(A); 34 CFR 300.111(a)(1)(i), (c).
Non-discrimination Statement as Part of the School's Admission Policy
                                It is the policy of HPS not to discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, or disability in its programs, services, or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies, please contact Section 504/ADA Coordinator at (713) 343-3333 located at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S. Houston, TX 77099.                            
Non-discrimination Statement in Career and Technical Education Programs
          HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS offers support to school district for career and technical education programs in Agriculture, Food, and Natural Resources; Architecture and Construction; Arts, Audio/Video Technology, and Communications; Business Management and Administration; Education and Training; Finance; Government and Public Administration; Health Science; Hospitality and Tourism; Human Services; Information Technology; Law, Public Safety, Corrections, and Security; Manufacturing; Marketing; Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics; Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics.  Admission to these programs is based on enrollment in HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS secondary schools.
 It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex or handicap in its CTE programs, services or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap, or age in its employment practices as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS will take steps to assure that lack of English language skills will not be a barrier to admission and participation in all educational and CTE programs. 
For information about your rights or grievance procedures, contact the Title IX Coordinator, CHARLES LAMBERT, and/or the Section 504 Coordinator, IHSAN KARA, at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Phone: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Aviso de No discriminación en los Programas de Educación Profesional y Técnica
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony ofrecen programas vocacionales en Agricultura, Alimentación y Recursos Naturales; Arquitectura y Construcción; Artes, Tecnología de Audio / Video y Comunicaciones; Administración de Negocios y Administración; Educación y Entrenamiento; Finanzas; Gobierno y Administración Pública; Ciencias de la salud; Hospitalidad y Turismo; Recursos Humanos; Tecnología de la  Información; Derecho; Seguridad Pública, Correccionales y Seguridad; Manufactura; Mercadeo; Ciencias, Tecnología, Ingeniería y Matemáticas; Transporte, Distribución y Logística. La admisión a estos programas se basa en el número de estudiantes de secundaria registrados en las  Escuelas Públicas Harmony. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo o impedimento, en sus programas, servicios o actividades de CTE, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo, impedimento o edad, en sus procedimientos de empleo, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, la ley de Discriminación por Edad, de 1975, según enmienda, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony tomarán las medidas necesarias para asegurar que la falta de habilidad en el uso del inglés no sea un obstáculo para la admisión y participación en todos los programas educativos y CTE.
 Para información sobre sus derechos o procedimientos para quejas, comuníquese con el Coordinador del Título IX, CHARLES LAMBERT, y/o el Coordinador de la  Sección 504, IHSAN KARA, a la siguiente dirección: 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Teléfono: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Website Accessibility
Harmony Public Schools (“Harmony”) is committed to making the information on its website accessible to individuals with disabilities in compliance with the requirements of Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader, eye tracking device, voice recognition software, etc.) and have difficulty accessing information on the Harmony website, please contact HPS Webmaster by email at 
accessibility@harmonytx.org
 . Please include the following when communicating with Harmony regarding accessibility issues:
A description of your accessibility concern.
The format in which you prefer to receive the materials.
The web page address of the requested material(s).
The best way to contact you (email address or phone number, or both).
Harmony will make appropriate accommodations to facilitate access to any website content.
Complaints regarding website accessibility may be filed by members of the community through the Public Complaint process outlined in Board Policy PG-1.12 (Public Complaints). Additionally, students and parents may file a complaint regarding website accessibility through the Student and Parent Complaint/Grievances process outlined in Board Policy PG-3.30.
Please note that some pages on the Harmony website contain links to third-party sites, which are not within Harmony’s control. If you notify Harmony of problems with accessing a third-party site that is necessary to participate in one of Harmony’s programs or activities, we will make the material or information available in an accessible format.
Ⓒ	2018 
 Harmony Public Schools
 All Rights Reserved.
Back To Top
Lightbox Previous
Lightbox Next