­
Select Language
​
▼
Academic Calendar
Let's Talk!
Handbook
Wellness Policy
School Cafe
Our Schools
Skyward
Voly
Home
About
About Us
News
Extracurricular Activities
Academics
Academics
Calendars
Curriculum
Special Programs
T-STEM
Parents
Students
Admissions
Admissions
Apply Now
FAQ
Staff
Staff Quick Links
Employee Portal
Harmony Dashboard
JobTraQ
Operations Dashboard
Purchase Order
School Dude
Staff Email
TEAMS ESC
Workshops
Careers
Students
Home
 Students
Quick Links
AR home connection
clever
Enmiendas del Manual del Estudiante
Manual del Estudiante
Student Handbook
Student Handbook Amendments (English)
Student Password Reset
Student Engagement
At Harmony Public Schools we believe that every aspect of life provides an avenue for learning. Our campuses provide a wide array of extracurricular activities that focus on promoting Harmony’s core values through teamwork, sportsmanship and integrity.Students are encouraged to take leadership roles in any clubs, groups or teams on campus and to build lasting friendships through a common commitment to service and learning.
Study Abroad
Educational Trips
Summer Leadership STEM Camps
Performing Arts
Study Abroad Programs
Study Abroad Programs are for experiential education. Picture the world as your classroom with each destination a new interactive textbook!However, instead of reading, students are experiencing history, art, culture, fashion, and food and the arts in real-time! Maybe you have traveled overseas and had a taste of exploring a foreign city, a sandy beach, or a historical landmark. If you are looking for another opportunity to go abroad,and to discover, learn, understand and connect with new people, studying abroad is a great option. With Harmony Public Schools’ Study Abroad programs, U.S. high school students have the incredible opportunity to see the world and increase their global awareness. You’ll take classes in the foreign universities and live with a native host family, which will challenge you to push your own boundaries and immerse yourself in another language and culture.
And with more than 4 study locations around the world, you’ll find a Harmony Public Schools Study Abroad program that both challenges and inspires you.
Educational Trips
The following rules apply to field trips/social events:
A student must have written permission from the parent/guardian
Students must travel by transportation provided by the school except when accompanied by their parent. Parents may not transport any other child but their own.
Clothing worn is at the discretion of the administration. Students must wear modest swimwear on all trips that involve water activities. For example, boys are expected to wear knee-length, properly fitting swim trunks, and girls are expected to wear one-piece bathing suits.
All school rules are in effect during field trips and misconduct will be handled through the school’s regular disciplinary process.
The administration will determine the number of sponsors necessary.
It is the student’s responsibility to obtain and complete all assignments before the trip commences. Students with excessive absences, academic, or behavioral problems may be required to remain on campus
Summer Leadership STEM Camps
Each summer Harmony Public Schools are especially designed to offer opportunities for young people to try new things, learn, grow and make friendships that last forever. Summer Leadership & STEM Program offers unique chances for students to experience classroom lessons in a natural environment as well as University Resident Halls. Camps are also designed to teach the principles of effective leadership and to provide practical experience in applying these skills as student. These camps are offered for middle and high school students at various campsites and college campuses .
For middle schools, HPS provides different activities such as aquatic study, archery, canoeing, geocaching, geology, trail of painted ponies, owl science, wilderness survival, writing in nature, reading time, art classes, character building opportunities, guest speakers including academic and social contents.
For high schools, HPS provides academic, leadership and social based activities such as 3D Animations using Alice, Java and C+ Programming, Cyber Security, Mobile Apps using MIT App Inventor, Drawings using JavaScript, SAT/PSAT Prep, Hands-on with Robots, basketball, soccer, leadership talk series etc…
Welcome to Summer Leadership STEM Camps!
We are anticipating an exciting summer of activities for our campers, and you are an important part of the success. Excellent staff produces excellent programs, and that is our goal. . It will also help you understand the philosophy and goals behind the summer camp programs, your role, and the conditions for your employment.
Our Mission
The mission of the HPS Summer Leadership STEM Camps is to provide high quality, diverse and accessible programs, services and facilities that enhance the quality of life for all ages, cultures, and abilities.
Camps Goals
Our Mission Statement (above) is the key principle that guides the summer camp program. How does the Engagement & Support Department define an outstanding camp?
An Outstanding Camp is a place where children are valued.
All Staff view each child as a unique individual with something special to offer.
All Staff show an interest in each child, calling them by name, communicating individually with them, and listening to what they have to say.
All Staff take time with the children, communicating that being with children in general and them in particular is fun.
All Staff create an environment where the focus is on the interests and needs of children.
An Outstanding Summer Leadership STEM Camp is a place that is fun and exciting for children.
Activities are varied to meet a range of interests, abilities and needs.
Activities invite participation; they are fresh, interactive and inclusive.
Camp provides children with choices and opportunities for self-expression.
Staff is enthusiastic, energetic and fun to be around; they are well-prepared and competent.
An Outstanding Summer Program is a safe place.
Campers are well supervised in every situation throughout the camp day.
Staff is vigilant; they constantly monitor the camp site for safety hazards.
Safety is a first priority, and every activity takes safety into consideration.
Campers are taught good safety measures as part of the camp routine.
An Outstanding Summer Program provides a great summer experience at a convenient location at an affordable price.
Camps are offered at sites that are generally easy for parents to reach.
Camps are provided at the lowest possible price and are more affordable than camps offered by the private sector.
Financial assistance is provided so all families can send their children to camp.
Most summer programs governed by this manual operate from 4 to 6 nights (Overnights) during the summer.
Camps include;
STEM activities, Leadership talks, Leadership activities, Recreational Activities, Teamwork activities, Reading sessions, Character building sessions, and a whole lot more!
Performing Arts
The Performing arts program helps to enrich students and give a better understanding of their community. They act as a window to the larger world of performing arts by staging high-quality productions and attracting top talent to teach and perform. Harmony Public Schools offers dance, singing and glee clubs for students. They can engage in their chosen field. These performing arts activities or clubs are substantial to children’s long-term social, emotional and cognitive development. These activities help them to be healthy and happy, honest and ethical, and caring and compassionate.
Students enrolled in the dance and music clubs have the opportunities to join the stage performances and competitions in HPS campuses, national and international festivals.
The Engagement Department gives support to the LOTE for their chosen kids on the stage activities.
Now Accepting Applications for 2018 - 2019 Enrollment
		Apply Here
Harmony School of Science - Houston
5435 S. Braeswood Blvd Houston, Texas 77096
Grades
K - 8th
Phone
(713) 729-4400
            Social:            
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
LinkedIn Icon
Contact Us
Our Geographic Boundaries
Anonymous Reporting
If you are experiencing a problem with bullying at Harmony, or have other discipline-related concerns regarding one of our schools, please fill out the form at the link below for the Dean of Students.
Bullying Report Form
HPS Child Find Policy
It is the policy of the Harmony Public Schools to ensure that
All children with disabilities enrolled in the charter school regardless of the severity of their disability, and who are in need of special education and related services, are identified, located, and evaluated; and
A practical method is developed and implemented to determine which children are currently receiving needed special education and related services.
These requirements apply to:
Homeless children;                            
Children who are wards of the state;
Highly mobile children (including migrant children); and
Children who are suspected of being in need of special education but who areadvancing from grade to grade.
20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(3)(A); 34 CFR 300.111(a)(1)(i), (c).
Non-discrimination Statement as Part of the School's Admission Policy
                                It is the policy of HPS not to discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, or disability in its programs, services, or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies, please contact Section 504/ADA Coordinator at (713) 343-3333 located at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S. Houston, TX 77099.                            
Non-discrimination Statement in Career and Technical Education Programs
          HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS offers support to school district for career and technical education programs in Agriculture, Food, and Natural Resources; Architecture and Construction; Arts, Audio/Video Technology, and Communications; Business Management and Administration; Education and Training; Finance; Government and Public Administration; Health Science; Hospitality and Tourism; Human Services; Information Technology; Law, Public Safety, Corrections, and Security; Manufacturing; Marketing; Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics; Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics.  Admission to these programs is based on enrollment in HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS secondary schools.
 It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex or handicap in its CTE programs, services or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap, or age in its employment practices as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS will take steps to assure that lack of English language skills will not be a barrier to admission and participation in all educational and CTE programs. 
For information about your rights or grievance procedures, contact the Title IX Coordinator, CHARLES LAMBERT, and/or the Section 504 Coordinator, IHSAN KARA, at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Phone: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Aviso de No discriminación en los Programas de Educación Profesional y Técnica
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony ofrecen programas vocacionales en Agricultura, Alimentación y Recursos Naturales; Arquitectura y Construcción; Artes, Tecnología de Audio / Video y Comunicaciones; Administración de Negocios y Administración; Educación y Entrenamiento; Finanzas; Gobierno y Administración Pública; Ciencias de la salud; Hospitalidad y Turismo; Recursos Humanos; Tecnología de la  Información; Derecho; Seguridad Pública, Correccionales y Seguridad; Manufactura; Mercadeo; Ciencias, Tecnología, Ingeniería y Matemáticas; Transporte, Distribución y Logística. La admisión a estos programas se basa en el número de estudiantes de secundaria registrados en las  Escuelas Públicas Harmony. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo o impedimento, en sus programas, servicios o actividades de CTE, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo, impedimento o edad, en sus procedimientos de empleo, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, la ley de Discriminación por Edad, de 1975, según enmienda, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony tomarán las medidas necesarias para asegurar que la falta de habilidad en el uso del inglés no sea un obstáculo para la admisión y participación en todos los programas educativos y CTE.
 Para información sobre sus derechos o procedimientos para quejas, comuníquese con el Coordinador del Título IX, CHARLES LAMBERT, y/o el Coordinador de la  Sección 504, IHSAN KARA, a la siguiente dirección: 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Teléfono: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Website Accessibility
Harmony Public Schools (“Harmony”) is committed to making the information on its website accessible to individuals with disabilities in compliance with the requirements of Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader, eye tracking device, voice recognition software, etc.) and have difficulty accessing information on the Harmony website, please contact HPS Webmaster by email at 
accessibility@harmonytx.org
 . Please include the following when communicating with Harmony regarding accessibility issues:
A description of your accessibility concern.
The format in which you prefer to receive the materials.
The web page address of the requested material(s).
The best way to contact you (email address or phone number, or both).
Harmony will make appropriate accommodations to facilitate access to any website content.
Complaints regarding website accessibility may be filed by members of the community through the Public Complaint process outlined in Board Policy PG-1.12 (Public Complaints). Additionally, students and parents may file a complaint regarding website accessibility through the Student and Parent Complaint/Grievances process outlined in Board Policy PG-3.30.
Please note that some pages on the Harmony website contain links to third-party sites, which are not within Harmony’s control. If you notify Harmony of problems with accessing a third-party site that is necessary to participate in one of Harmony’s programs or activities, we will make the material or information available in an accessible format.
Ⓒ	2018 
 Harmony Public Schools
 All Rights Reserved.
Back To Top
Lightbox Previous
Lightbox Next
Original text
Contribute a better translation