­
Academic Calendar
Let's Talk!
Handbook
Wellness Policy
School Cafe
Our Schools
Skyward
Voly
Home
About
About Us
News
Extracurricular Activities
Academics
Academics
Calendars
Curriculum
Special Programs
T-STEM
Parents
Students
Admissions
Admissions
Apply Now
FAQ
Staff
Staff Quick Links
Employee Portal
Harmony Dashboard
JobTraQ
Operations Dashboard
Purchase Order
School Dude
Staff Email
TEAMS ESC
Workshops
Careers
News
Home
News
GATE program: Survey
We appreciate that your child is enrolled in Harmony Gifted and Talented (GATE) program. The goal of this survey is to gain insight about the current state of services on your campus, so that we may consider your feedback when developing the program in the future. The results will be used to understand stakeholders’ perceptions of the program.
Please frame your answers to reflect experiences within Harmony GATE programming only and not overall campus satisfaction.
Responses are anonymous.
If you have more than one child in Harmony GATE, please fill in separate forms for each child.
This survey will close on Tuesday, May 22nd, at 5:00 pm
Parent Survey (English)
Parent Survey (Spanish)
May – Lunch/Breakfast Menu
LUNCH MENU
BREAKFAST MENU
Health Night – Wednesday, May, 2nd 5:00-6:00PM
Health Night
Great News for Our 8th Graders and Parents!!!!!
Dear HSS-Houston Parents,
We are incredibly proud to announce an amazing accomplishment.  
Every single 2018 eighth grade student passed the Math STAAR Test.
 This is a hard-earned achievement that reflects their dedication to success in the face of adversity.  
Congratulations to our Math Department, our 8th Grade Math Teacher, Mrs. Bivens-Johnson and our exceptional students!
  Reading scores coming soon!
Estamos increíblemente orgullosos de anunciar un logro increíble. Todos los estudiantes de octavo grado de 2018 aprobaron el examen de Matemáticas STAAR. Este es un logro difícil de obtener que refleja su dedicación al éxito frente a la adversidad. ¡Felicitaciones a nuestra maestra de matemáticas de octavo grado, la señora Bivens-Johnson y sus estudiantes excepcionales! Lectura de puntajes próximamente!
South Cluster Job Fair
Join Our HSS Tigers Team!  Hiring ESL/Bilingual-certified educators.  Meet us at the Houston South Cluster Job Fair 
this Saturday (
Apr. 7th, 2018), from 
9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m, at Harmony Central Office!  Register for this fair, and upcoming HPS job fairs, 
here
 .
Newsletter
Annual Language And Culture Gala
HPS would like to invite our HSS parents and students to our 7th annual LOTE Gala which will take place 
Saturday, April 21st, at 5:00 pm at the HBU Morris Cultural and Arts Center.
Please use the link below to RSVP and print your tickets prior to your arrival.
CLICK HERE
Month of April Events & Calendar
Reminders to Parents:
On April 11th, school has been changed from a half day to a full school day. Please plan on your child attending a full school day this date. Students in 5th/8th grade will be taking a STAAR test on April 11th.
In response to Hurricane Harvey, TEA has waived the 3rd STAAR reading and math retest opportunity for 5th and 8th graders. There will be no 3rd STAAR retest date for these students over the summer.
Recordatorios a los padres:
El 11 de abril, la escuela ha cambiado de medio día a un día escolar completo. Por favor planee que su hijo asista a un día escolar completo esta fecha. Los estudiantes en 5to / 8vo grado tomarán una prueba STAAR el 11 de abril.
En respuesta al huracán Harvey, TEA ha renunciado a la tercera oportunidad de la prueba de lectura y matemáticas STAAR para los estudiantes de 5 ° y 8 ° grado. No habrá una tercera fecha de prueba de STAAR para estos estudiantes durante el verano.
Updated 2017-2018 School Calendar Houston South
Midnight Masquerade 8th Grade Prom
Harmony Science Academy Houston
Presents
Midnight Masquerade
8th Grade Prom
An unforgettable evening of dinner, dancing and entertainment
Saturday, April 28, 2018
6:00 – 9:00 PM
School Gym
Semi-Formal Attire
Tickets $25 per person
Tickets will be on sale before and after school Wednesdays & Fridays at the Front Office
8th Grade Prom
SKYWARD FAMILY ACCESS APP
Dear Parents and Guardians,
We have an app that you can install to access your child’s skyward information. Below is an instruction guide created to help you setup the app on your mobile device.
Skyward Set-up Guide
LUNCH-BREAKFAST MENU APRIL
HARMONY BREAKFAST
HARMONY PIZZA FRIDAY K-8
Campus Continuous Improvement Plan (CIP) Meeting on Tuesday 3/27 @ 4:00 p.m.
Parents,
You are invited to our Campus Continuous Improvement Plan (CIP) Meeting on Tuesday 3/27 @ 4:00 p.m. We will discuss our school’s strengths and areas for improvement to plan for the 2018-2019 school year. We welcome your input as a valuable part of our school family. Thanks!
Padres, Usted está invitado a nuestra reunión del Plan de Mejora Continua (CIP) del Campus el martes 27 de marzo a las 4:00 p.m. Discutimos las fortalezas y áreas de mejora de nuestra escuela para planificar el año escolar 2018-2019. Agradecemos su aporte como una parte valiosa de nuestra familia escolar. ¡Gracias!
Federal Report Card Website
Dear Parent:
Harmony School of Science – Houston is sharing this information about the district and your child’s campus with you as part of its obligations under the federal No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 (NCLB).
Federal Report Cards for the state, the district, and each of the district’s campuses are now available on the district’s 
website
 or are also available on the Texas Education Agency’s 
website
Federal Report Card Info
MARCH BREAKFAST/LUNCH MENU
Breakfast
Lunch Menu
Invitation to the Annual Language and Culture Competition
Please Join Us!
Dear Parent/Guardian, 
We are proud to announce and invite you and your family to join us for the annual language and culture competition final.
Students will perform in singing, poetry, and folk dance…
Annual Language & Culture Competition
Monday, March 5th 2018 | 1:00PM
Multipurpose Room 
Harmony Public Schools – Central Office
9321 W Sam Houston Pkwy S
Houston, TX  77099
SPRING BREAK TUTORIALS
Dear Parents,
Spring break tutorials will take place on the following dates: 
March 10, 
March 12, and 
March 13 from 8:30 -2:00 pm for selected students in grade 3rd-8th.
Student names to attend tutorials will be announced soon and we will send letters to home with selected students.
3rd-8th grade Students,
Please remember that reaching your personal goal that your teachers set for you for the practice test is an important indicator of your success, however,
 we are committed to making sure that you are prepared for the STAAR so you may be included in tutorials.
There will be 
Saturday detention on 3/10/17 but there will not be 
Saturday detention on 
3/17/18.
Thank you!
1
2
Next »
Archives
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
Harmony School of Science - Houston
5435 S. Braeswood Blvd Houston, Texas 77096
Grades
K - 8th
Phone
(713) 729-4400
            Social:            
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
LinkedIn Icon
Contact Us
Our Geographic Boundaries
Anonymous Reporting
If you are experiencing a problem with bullying at Harmony, or have other discipline-related concerns regarding one of our schools, please fill out the form at the link below for the Dean of Students.
Bullying Report Form
HPS Child Find Policy
It is the policy of the Harmony Public Schools to ensure that
All children with disabilities enrolled in the charter school regardless of the severity of their disability, and who are in need of special education and related services, are identified, located, and evaluated; and
A practical method is developed and implemented to determine which children are currently receiving needed special education and related services.
These requirements apply to:
Homeless children;                            
Children who are wards of the state;
Highly mobile children (including migrant children); and
Children who are suspected of being in need of special education but who areadvancing from grade to grade.
20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(3)(A); 34 CFR 300.111(a)(1)(i), (c).
Non-discrimination Statement as Part of the School's Admission Policy
                                It is the policy of HPS not to discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, or disability in its programs, services, or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies, please contact Section 504/ADA Coordinator at (713) 343-3333 located at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S. Houston, TX 77099.                            
Non-discrimination Statement in Career and Technical Education Programs
          HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS offers support to school district for career and technical education programs in Agriculture, Food, and Natural Resources; Architecture and Construction; Arts, Audio/Video Technology, and Communications; Business Management and Administration; Education and Training; Finance; Government and Public Administration; Health Science; Hospitality and Tourism; Human Services; Information Technology; Law, Public Safety, Corrections, and Security; Manufacturing; Marketing; Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics; Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics.  Admission to these programs is based on enrollment in HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS secondary schools.
 It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex or handicap in its CTE programs, services or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap, or age in its employment practices as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS will take steps to assure that lack of English language skills will not be a barrier to admission and participation in all educational and CTE programs. 
For information about your rights or grievance procedures, contact the Title IX Coordinator, CHARLES LAMBERT, and/or the Section 504 Coordinator, IHSAN KARA, at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Phone: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Aviso de No discriminación en los Programas de Educación Profesional y Técnica
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony ofrecen programas vocacionales en Agricultura, Alimentación y Recursos Naturales; Arquitectura y Construcción; Artes, Tecnología de Audio / Video y Comunicaciones; Administración de Negocios y Administración; Educación y Entrenamiento; Finanzas; Gobierno y Administración Pública; Ciencias de la salud; Hospitalidad y Turismo; Recursos Humanos; Tecnología de la  Información; Derecho; Seguridad Pública, Correccionales y Seguridad; Manufactura; Mercadeo; Ciencias, Tecnología, Ingeniería y Matemáticas; Transporte, Distribución y Logística. La admisión a estos programas se basa en el número de estudiantes de secundaria registrados en las  Escuelas Públicas Harmony. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo o impedimento, en sus programas, servicios o actividades de CTE, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo, impedimento o edad, en sus procedimientos de empleo, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, la ley de Discriminación por Edad, de 1975, según enmienda, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony tomarán las medidas necesarias para asegurar que la falta de habilidad en el uso del inglés no sea un obstáculo para la admisión y participación en todos los programas educativos y CTE.
 Para información sobre sus derechos o procedimientos para quejas, comuníquese con el Coordinador del Título IX, CHARLES LAMBERT, y/o el Coordinador de la  Sección 504, IHSAN KARA, a la siguiente dirección: 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Teléfono: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Website Accessibility
Harmony Public Schools (“Harmony”) is committed to making the information on its website accessible to individuals with disabilities in compliance with the requirements of Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader, eye tracking device, voice recognition software, etc.) and have difficulty accessing information on the Harmony website, please contact HPS Webmaster by email at 
accessibility@harmonytx.org
 . Please include the following when communicating with Harmony regarding accessibility issues:
A description of your accessibility concern.
The format in which you prefer to receive the materials.
The web page address of the requested material(s).
The best way to contact you (email address or phone number, or both).
Harmony will make appropriate accommodations to facilitate access to any website content.
Complaints regarding website accessibility may be filed by members of the community through the Public Complaint process outlined in Board Policy PG-1.12 (Public Complaints). Additionally, students and parents may file a complaint regarding website accessibility through the Student and Parent Complaint/Grievances process outlined in Board Policy PG-3.30.
Please note that some pages on the Harmony website contain links to third-party sites, which are not within Harmony’s control. If you notify Harmony of problems with accessing a third-party site that is necessary to participate in one of Harmony’s programs or activities, we will make the material or information available in an accessible format.
Ⓒ	2018 
 Harmony Public Schools
 All Rights Reserved.
Back To Top
Lightbox Previous
Lightbox Next