        <style>            .dropdown-toggle:hover + .dropdown-menu { display:block; }            .navbar-header:hover + .collapse, .collapse:hover { display: block; }            .navbar-nav .dropdown-toggle:hover > .dropdown-menu { position: static; float: none; width: auto; margin-top: 0; background-color: transparent; -webkit-box-shadow: none; box-shadow: none; border: none; }            .dropdown-menu:hover { display: block; }        </style>    
English
Español
Middle School
High School
Quest Home
Sobre nosotros
Expect More Video
Historia
Misión
Visión
Valores Fundamentales
Preguntas Más Frecuentes
Promesa
Información Sobre Las Escuelas Autónomas
Reporte Anual
At A Glance Report Card
Boletines
Notas de Prensa
Tablero
Miembros
Las Agendas de Reuniones
Acta de la Reunión
Políticas
FOIA
Empleo
Aberturas
Solicitud
Comunidad
¿Por qué Misiones
Cómo Aplicar
Personal
Secure Site
Welcome to Quest
Dear Parents, Students, and Community Members,
Welcome to the 2017-2018 school year!  There are many exciting changes that will be taking place this year, not the least of which is our move to a balanced calendar, making our first full day of school, Tuesday, August 1. A balanced calendar is the exact same number of school days we have always had, they are simply more spaced out which results in more frequent breaks throughout the year, and a slightly shorter summer break. Being a charter school, Quest can, and is expected to try new, innovative and cutting-edge ideas. Our ultimate goal is outstanding academic achievement and ensuring our students are fully prepared for college and careers. We truly believe moving to a balanced calendar will result in higher retention of student learning, higher test scores, a higher attendance rate and fewer tardies, less teacher stress and turnover, increased staff communication and planning, and increased positive school culture.
A second exciting change is the implementation of career academies at Quest High School. The career academies will take our high school students on a deep dive in a field of interest. All extra-curriculars, clubs and courses will be woven through the academies, providing our students with several hands-on, experiential learning opportunities throughout their high school years.
Finally, we are also excited to announce the launch of the Summit Learning pilot in our 6th grade.  This very personalized approach to learning is going to be life changing for our students. We hope you will come to see learning happening in a very unique, one-to-one, personalized and flexible environment!
If you are a community member or prospective parent and would like to visit us, please call. We would love to have our students give you a tour and tell you about their school. If you are a parent, I encourage you to fully participate in your child’s education by having a presence at school functions, volunteering at school, etc. We have an aggressive goal of having more than 75% parental involvement and we need your help!  Together, we can do amazing things for our scholars! 
I wish you all the best this year.  We know that you have a choice in your child’s education, and we feel honored that you chose us.  Together we are on a “Quest to be the best”!  Welcome and enjoy the journey!
Sincerely,
Nicole Couri Wood, Ph.D.
 Executive Director
 Quest Charter Academy
Read More
Strategy One
School Structure - Day and Calendar
Results Statements
Alter the Quest school calendar to incorporate a year round configuration for school year 2017-18.  The configuration will adhere to the current 185 student attendance days with 202 teacher attendance days.
Restructure the high school daily schedule to promote a more positive culture and maximize student achievement.
Restructure the middle school day to promote a more positive culture and maximize student achievement.
Restructure the professional growth calendar for teachers. 
Smart Goal
Beginning with the 2016-2017 school year Quest will reconfigure school structures to achieve the Quest  vision, ensure customer satisfaction and meet District #150 achievement goals as measured through: 1) lottery application numbers, 2) re-enrollment numbers, 3) test scores, 4) grades, 5) behavioral statistics (#s of discipline referrals, suspensions, expulsions), and 6) college acceptance percentages.
Activities
Determine a year round configuration that best fits Quest.
Implement a later start time for students.
Reschedule advisory period and incorporate a flex hour.
Reduce the number of HS classes from 9 to 7/day.
Add an RtI Coach to maintain data and deliver interventions.
Integrate more PE activities into the school day.
Incorporate a daily collaboration, common planning, and PD for teachers. 
Tangible and Intangible Benefits
Higher retention of learning.
Higher test scores.
Higher attendance rate and less tardies.
Less teacher stress and turnover.
More cohesive curriculum.
Increased staff communication and planning.
Increased positive school culture.
Download Full Plan
                                        Quest Charter Academy
                                        2503 N. University Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 402-0030
                                        Fax: (309) 685-3001
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Tablero
Empleo
Comunidad
Personal
Newsletter
Skyward
Donate
Calendar
                                        Quest High School
                                        2503 N. University Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 402-0030
                                        Fax: (309) 685-3001
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Académica
Universidad/Carrera
Ocupaciones
Atletismo
Familias
Los Estudiantes
                                        Quest Middle School
                                        2612 N. Bootz Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 222-8719
                                        Fax : (309) 685-8801
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Académica
Ocupaciones
Atletismo
Familias
Los Estudiantes
Web Development and Hosting by 
Stellar Systems, Inc.
Site Map
Sign in
Signed in