Home
About
About
Administration
Board of Directors
Who We Are
Staff
School Report Card
Careers
Documents
Calendar
Families
Schools
Kipp OKC South
Kipp Reach
Families
Enrollment Docs
Programs & Partners
Contact
Apply now for the 2018-2019 School Year!
Our Mission
To create a respected, influential, and regional network of public schools that are successful in helping students from educationally underserved communities develop the knowledge, skills, character and habits needed to succeed in college and the competitive world beyond.
Give Today for a Brighter Tomorrow
Your gift helps students in Oklahoma City access a life of choice and opportunity. At KIPP we believe that every child has the ability to excel when given the chance. We know that every student is different. That is why we personalize learning based on student’s needs, skills and interests. It starts with clearly defined and measurable high expectations for academic excellence in a culture of achievement and support.
Your donation invests in the dreams of KIPPsters to choose their own life path.
Donate now
News
March 22, 2018
Oklahoma Teacher Walkout
Families please see the letter below for information on the teacher walkout. 
Read More
Enrollment
January 2, 2018
Enroll at KIPP Reach Today!
KIPP Reach is now accepting enrollment forms for the upcoming school year. There are no entrance requirements or selection criteria. Students are enrolled through a lottery system and those remaining are placed on a waiting list. 
Enroll today! 
Apply online  
2018-2019 School Year Pre Enrollment Form
Download 
2018-2019 School Year Pre Enrollment Form
Supply List  
2017-18 School Year Supply Lists - Grades 5-8
Read More
Enrollment
January 1, 2018
Enroll at KIPP OKC South Today!
About KIPP OKC South Community Prep
Acerca de La preparatoria comunitaria KIPP OKC South
Enroll at KIPP OKC South Community Prep
Questions? No internet Access? No Problem - call Ms. Rojas at (405) 283-2604.We are here to help!
Read More
Donate Today!
KIPP gives families the opportunity to access a KIPP education which provides the highest standards of learning in Oklahoma City. By donating to KIPP, you are investing in the dreams of KIPPsters to choose their own life path.
Every Student Will Learn
At KIPP we form a partnership that brings together KIPP students, families, and teachers that puts learning first. The “Commitment to Excellence,” agreement lays out the role they each play in ensuring a positive school experience.
Quick Links
Contact a Teacher
Student Handbook
Enrollment Information
About KIPP
Donate
Parent Login
Contact Us
 Physical Address
7202 South I-35 
Oklahoma City, OK 73149
 Mailing Address
PO Box 776 
Oklahoma City, OK 73101
 Phone
(405) 425-4622
 Fax
(405) 425-4624
Follow Us


Mailing List
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Login to Edit