Camino Nuevo Charter Academy
Skip to main content
Home
About Us
Mission and Values
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
CNCA Board
PNEDG Board
Financials
Non-Discrimination Statement
Contact Us
Schools
School Directory
Enroll
Academics
Our Approach
Continuum of Care
Academic Results
Title III 2016 - 2017
Ethnic Studies 4 All
Community
Students
Parents
Alumni
Partnerships
Request For Proposal
Staff Links
Board Policies
Career
Teaching
School Leadership
Apply Now
Referral Program
Human Resources
Job Fairs
Frontline Professional Growth
Donate
Donate Now
Matching Gifts
Corporate Support
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Supporters
Contact Development
Media
News and Announcements
Video
Photos
Press
Search
English
Español
Board of Directors
BOARD MEETINGS
The Camino Nuevo Charter Academy Board meets bi-monthly. These meetings are free to attend and open to the public. Agendas for regular meetings are posted 72 hours in advance. To view the agenda for an upcoming meeting, click on the corresponding date. 
(Dates and times are subject to change) 
Tuesday, January 23, 2018
Tuesday, March 13, 2018
Tuesday, May 15, 2018
Tuesday, June 12, 2018
MEET THE BOARD
Mark H. Dalzell, Chairman
Mark Dalzell served as the Senior Vice President of Capital Research Company and a fixed income portfolio manager for The Capital Group Companies, a large Los Angeles-based investment management firm. Originally from Pittsburgh, Mark earned an undergraduate degree in international affairs from the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University in 1976, and a master’s degree in public policy from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1979. He has lived in New York and London, and moved to Los Angeles in 1997. He is currently the Chairman of the Board of Camino Nuevo Charter Academy. Mark is also an active board member of the Los Angeles Opera and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association, where he serves on the Governance Committee and the Finance and Community Affairs committees.
Shiho Ito, Secretary
Shiho Ito is a community organizer and founding director of Pueblo Nuevo Development Group, the grass-roots community development group that began in 1992 and in 1999 launched the Camino Nuevo schools. As an immigrant and English language learner, she is passionate about educational access and equity. Shiho has led outreach initiatives at Larchmont Charter School, chaired the education committee at Ikar, an egalitarian Jewish community, and organized a non-profit foundation to support Millikan Middle School Math Academy. Prior to the birth of her children, she worked in film production and acquisitions for the Japanese market. She earned her B.A. from Yale University where she majored in English and East Asian Studies.
Cindy Lee Smet, Treasurer
Cindy Lee Smet had a professional career in finance prior to having a family. While her three sons were attending the public elementary schools in Hermosa Beach, she was an active volunteer and board member in both the PTO and the Hermosa Beach Education Foundation. She is a founding trustee of the Vistamar School, an independent high school in El Segundo, which opened in 2005. Cindy and her husband John have a family foundation which, among other initiatives, funds a literacy program at four Catholic elementary schools in the Los Angeles area. Onward Readers supports children in the early grades achieve reading proficiency. Cindy also sits on the board of the California Science Center Foundation. With a B.A. in Economics from the University of Virginia, she started her career as a commercial lender for a large bank in Georgia and earned her MBA at UCLA. She also worked in securities sales at Citicorp Investment Bank and for three years in corporate finance at PaineWebber and Company.
Celia Garcia Alvarado
Celia Garcia Alvarado is the Vice President of Corps Member and Alumni Impact at Teach For America in Los Angeles. In her role, she leads the largest regional team that is responsible for coaching and developing corp members and supporting and accelerating the leadership trajectory and impact of all alumni in the education sector. Prior to joining Teach For America, she was the Executive Director for Education Pioneers' Western Region, overseeing the organization's work in California, Colorado and Washington and successfully leading the launch of a new program site in Denver. Celia began her career as an educator in the Los Angeles Unified School District and was named Teacher of the Year in 2003 for her district. She was later a Managing Director on the teacher leadership development team at Teach For America-Los Angeles, and led the team responsible for coaching and developing close to 300 corps members who collectively taught approximately 22,000 students in low-income communities across Los Angeles County. Celia received her B.A. from Stanford University, her Ed.M. from Harvard University and Ed.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles. She is an adjunct faculty member at Loyola Marymount University’s Graduate School of Education.
David Gidlow
David Gidlow is an executive in the apparel industry, specializing in product development, sourcing, and manufacturing. He has worked for a mix of large corporations including Warner Bros. and Macy's as well as smaller, entrepreneurial companies such as BUM Equipment and Babystyle. He has traveled extensively in Asia, Latin America, and Europe. A native of St. Louis, David earned a B.A. in Political Science from Occidental College and MBA in Marketing from the Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA. He is an avid swimmer, cyclist, and baker.
Rachel Hunt
Rachel Hunt is an urban education reform leader and practitioner. She is committed to ensuring that all young people have access to a high quality, public education that prepares them for college, careers, and life. Rachel founded and led a diverse, top-ranking, 6-12 charter school in a Massachusetts district that had historically performed in the lowest 10th percentile of the state. There she pioneered a charter-district collaboration and was elected to serve on the city's school board. Since stepping down as a school leader, Rachel has consulted to public schools and school systems. She earned her B.A. from Wesleyan University and her M.Ed. in School Leadership from Harvard Graduate School of Education. 
									Board of Directors								
Photo Album
9.12.17 Board Agenda
9.25.17 Board Retreat Agenda
11 14 17 CNCA Board Agenda 
01 09 18 - Special CNCA Board Planning Meeting
1.23.18 CNCA Board Agenda
3.13.18 - CNCA Board Agenda 
Early Childhood Campus
Burlington Campus
Kayne Siart Campus
Castellanos/Eisner Campus
Sandra Cisneros Campus
Dalzell Lance Campus
Miramar Campus High School
© Copyright Camino Nuevo Charter Academy. All Rights Reserved.
3435 W. Temple Street,
 Los Angeles, CA 90026
Phone: (213) 417-3400
 Fax: (323) 663-3132 
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Non-Discrimination Statement
Powered by Edlio
Original text
Contribute a better translation