Camino Nuevo Charter Academy
Skip to main content
Home
About Us
Mission and Values
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
CNCA Board
PNEDG Board
Financials
Non-Discrimination Statement
Contact Us
Schools
School Directory
Enroll
Academics
Our Approach
Continuum of Care
Academic Results
Title III 2016 - 2017
Ethnic Studies 4 All
Community
Students
Parents
Alumni
Partnerships
Request For Proposal
Staff Links
Board Policies
Career
Teaching
School Leadership
Apply Now
Referral Program
Human Resources
Job Fairs
Frontline Professional Growth
Donate
Donate Now
Matching Gifts
Corporate Support
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Supporters
Contact Development
Media
News and Announcements
Video
Photos
Press
Search
English
Español
Enroll
			 » Enroll			
Enroll
We are now accepting applications for the 2018-19 school year. 
Apply today.
Estamos aceptando solicitudes para el año escolar 2018-19. Aplique hoy.
PreK-8
9-12
Camino Nuevo Charter Academy offers a tuition-free, high-quality, college-preparatory education from preschool through 12th grade. When our students graduate, they are college-ready, college-bound. 
Admissions 
Our schools do not charge tuition and will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, or disability. There are no academic requirements, interviews, or fees for admission.
Admission is on a first-come, first-serve basis. Spaces are limited, so if the volume of applications exceeds available seats, the school holds a public lottery to determine admission. The lottery is January 26, 2018. 
How to Apply
Choose a school where you want to enroll your child. 
Download and complete the interest form to participate in the lottery. You may use the same form to apply to multiple schools. 
Submit the completed form in person or by mail by Monday, Jan. 22. 
K-8 ﻿Lottery Interest Form
Only high school interest forms may be submitted online at this time. 
High School Lottery Interest Form
The Lottery 
January 26 
Camino Nuevo schools hold a lottery for available seats. All eligible applications are entered into the lottery. The lottery is open to the public, but attendance is not mandatory. 
The lottery is completely random with select preferences built in for siblings of current Camino Nuevo students.
If space allows and you live within the attendance boundaries of the Sandra Cisneros or Jose Castellanos campuses, you do not need to participate in the lottery. 
Early February 
If your child wins a seat through the lottery, you will receive a letter or a phone call. You must confirm within two weeks that you intend to enroll your child to secure a spot.
If you submit an application after the deadline, we will add your child’s name to the school waitlist. We will admit students from the waitlist after the lottery, as spots become available and in the order in which we received applications.
Why Families Choose Our Schools
A safe and supportive environment where students can learn and thrive.
A rich and engaging curriculum that prepares students for college and career success.
After-school activities for kids to explore their interests and discover their talents.
Strong parental involvement and open communication.
Early Childhood Campus
Burlington Campus
Kayne Siart Campus
Castellanos/Eisner Campus
Sandra Cisneros Campus
Dalzell Lance Campus
Miramar Campus High School
© Copyright Camino Nuevo Charter Academy. All Rights Reserved.
3435 W. Temple Street,
 Los Angeles, CA 90026
Phone: (213) 417-3400
 Fax: (323) 663-3132 
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Non-Discrimination Statement
Powered by Edlio
Original text
Contribute a better translation