Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
Anahuacalmecac
			 » Anahuacalmecac Student Council - Toanauamachtihkehweyetlahtokan			
Anahuacalmecac Student Council - Toanauamachtihkehweyetlahtokan
Anahuacalmecac Student Council
Anahuacalmecac Student Council members develop leadership through Semillas' founding principles and become the schools' student body governing entity. While students are expected to establish above average academic performance, not all students who enter theAnahuacalmecac Student Council begin there. Some students are recruited as a result of difficulties they have faced in school and are working to overcome. The most important factor in the nomination, selection and participation of maxtihque (students) for this fellowship, is their will to demonstrate leadership based upon the ancestral cultural teachings. Potential for leadership is valued as a path to engage students at risk of poor performance in school. Nevertheless, Cuauhuihuiyohqueh also includes the most dedicated and high achieving students.
A fellowship cultivating Native youth leadership for global advocacy
By counsel of the Consejo de Danza Azteca of Anahuacalmecac, select students participate in an intensive cultural knowledge cultivation experience centered around Danza Azteca, Nahuatl literacy and Aztec diplomacy. From the unique perspective as Indigenous Peoples, our students study Native and international teachings of statesmanship, leadership and fellowship. The 
Anahuacalmecac Student Council meet weekly for an intense five hour session that begins with academic tutoring, focuses in on a study of Indigenous diplomacy and concludes with Danza Azteca training. The instructors include Semillas’ Executive Director Tlayecantzi Marcos Aguilar, Consejo de Danza member and Minnie Ferguson, Director of Education. The curriculum consists of an organic course of study called Petlamachilistle in Nahuatl, or “the way of diplomacy”.
TheAnahuacalmecac Student Council are being cultivated to become a voice for Indigenous youth in Los Angeles, and Indigenous Peoples at a continental level. As an sponsored project of the Seventh Generation Fund for Indian Development (visit the website: 
http://www.7genfund.org/
 ), the Anahuacalmecac Student Council can draw upon the leadership of elders with decades of experience in the international arena. The Seventh Generation Fund has been actively defending the rights of Indigenous Peoples and sowing the seeds of Indigenous Nations for decades. To affiliate with the Seventh Generation Fund is a tremendous honor for Semillas and our students. Founded in 1977, the Seventh Generation Fund for Indian Development emerged from a call made by Indigenous communities in the Americas during the cultural, social and political renaissance era of the 1960’s and 1970’s. Today, the mission of the Seventh Generation Fund remains as its founders originally envisioned: dedicated to promoting and maintaining the uniqueness of Native peoples and the sovereignty of tribal Nations. The Anahuacalmecac Student Council Fellowship will grow from the examples and foundation set by the elders and leadership of the Seventh Generation Fund to one day participate in the United Nations representing the youth of Anahuac and of the world.
ESSENTIAL AGREEMENTS
ChicomeOatl - Seven principles
Ce centetl ce xinaxtli, ce centetl ce tocani
En cada uno una semilla, de cada uno un sembrador
In each a seed, of each a seed planter.
Noche tih cuahcueh to xiquipil, Noche ti hualneme ipan petlatl
Todos cargamos un morral, todos venimos a vivir en el petate
Cada estudiante nace con sus dones, y nace en un mundo de posibilidades y fuerzas que adquiere en la vida
Every child is born with gifts into a world of infinite possibility and the skills accumulated through life.
Centetl centlalihleh
Una semilla es toda una organización
Cuando un estudiante se presenta lleva con si toda una red detrás de el o ella
Each student carries an entire history, memory and community along with him/her.
Yoloxochitl nelhuayotl
La belleza nace de la verdad
la flor brota de la raíz
La integridad del ser humano nace de la cultura verdadera de cada pueblo
The integrity of each human being is born of the root culture of each nation.
Tlahtqueh nahuahqueh toquiliz ixhuayotl
Los cuarto elementos hacen brotar la semilla
La experiencia siembra la conciencia
Experience sows consciousness.
Cenzontle quihtohneque ce centle
Una mazorca contiene 400 semillas
Cada estudiante tiene una infinidad de posibilidades a su alcance
Each student holds infinite possibilities within.
Anahuamatihqueh, nochita quih nemilihtiazqueh quenihque teh palehuizquezqueh ihpan chicote nemiliz-ihniyotl ihuan ihpan tlatquenahuahqueh.
Un Anahuamaxtica aprenderá, como en cada deliberación, considerara el impacto de la decisión de una/o en las próximas siete generaciones y todas nuestras relaciones naturales y nuestros entornos.
An Anahuamaxtica will learn to, in every deliberation, consider the impact of one’s decisions on the seven generations to come and all natural relation.
As a result of on-going research in the field of Indigenous education, Semillas has adopted the "Alaska Standards for Culturally-Responsive Schools" as guidance for its educators. California has developed "content standards" to define what students should know and be able to do as they go through school. Additionally, "performance standards" have been developed for teachers and administrators. To the extent that California state standards are written for general use throughout the state, they don’t always address some of the special issues that are of critical importance to children in urban Los Angeles, particularly those of Indigenous families. Through its more than five years of experience in working with Indigenous families and educators, Semillas has developed pathways to education for Indigenous children, supported by their parents which address their unique needs and aspirations. While California state standards stipulate what students should know and be able to do, the cultural standards are oriented more toward providing guidance on how to get them there in such a way that they become responsible, capable and whole human beings in the process. The emphasis is on fostering a strong connection between what students experience in school and their lives out of school by providing opportunities for students to engage in in-depth experiential learning in real-world contexts. By shifting the focus in the curriculum from teaching/learning about cultural heritage as another subject to teaching/learning through the community culture as a foundation for all education, it is intended that all forms of knowledge, ways of knowing and world views be recognized as equally valid, adaptable and complementary to one another in mutually beneficial ways.
Semillas’ cultural essential agreements outlined in this section are not intended to be inclusive, exclusive or conclusive, but a guide influence by the lived experiences of our families and educators. The cultural essential agreements are not intended to produce standardization, but rather to guide our schools to nurture and build upon the rich and varied cultural traditions that continue to be practiced in communities throughout the Americas.
Cultural Essential Agreements for Students
Culturally-knowledgeable students are well grounded in the cultural heritage and traditions of their community.
Students who meet this cultural essential agreement are able to:
Assume responsibility for their role in relation to the well-being of the cultural community and their life-long obligations as a community member.
Recount their own genealogy and family history.
Acquire and pass on the traditions of their community through oral and written history.
Practice their traditional responsibilities to the surrounding environment.
Reflect through their own actions the critical role that the heritage language plays in fostering a sense of who they are and how they understand the world around them.
Live a life in accordance with the cultural values and traditions of the community and integrate them into their everyday behavior.
Determine the place of their cultural community in the regional, state, national and international political and economic systems.
Culturally-knowledgeable students are able to build on the knowledge and skills of the ancestral cultural community as a foundation from which to achieve personal and academic success throughout life.
Students who meet this cultural essential agreement are able to:
Acquire insights from other cultures without diminishing the integrity of their own.
Make effective use of the knowledge, skills and ways of knowing from their own cultural traditions to learn about the larger world in which they live.
Make appropriate choices regarding the long-term consequences of their actions.
Identify appropriate forms of technology and anticipate the consequences of their use for improving the quality of life in the community.
Culturally-knowledgeable students are able to actively participate in various cultural environments.
Students who meet this cultural essential agreement are able to:
Perform subsistence activities in ways that are appropriate to ancestral cultural traditions.
Make constructive contributions to the governance of their community and the well-being of their family.
Attain a healthy lifestyle through which they are able to maintain their own social, emotional, physical, intellectual and spiritual well-being.
Enter into and function effectively in a variety of cultural settings.
Culturally-knowledgeable students are able to engage effectively in learning activities that are based on traditional ways of knowing and learning.
Students who meet this cultural essential agreement are able to:
Acquire in-depth cultural knowledge through active participation and meaningful interaction with Elders.
Participate in and make constructive contributions to the learning activities associated with a traditional camp environment.
Interact with Elders in a loving and respectful way that demonstrates an appreciation of their role as culture-bearers and educators in the community.
Gather oral and written history information from the community and provide an appropriate interpretation of its cultural meaning and significance.
Gdentify and utilize appropriate sources of cultural knowledge to find solutions to everyday problems.
Engage in a realistic self-assessment to identify strengths and needs and make appropriate decisions to enhance life skills.
Culturally-knowledgeable students demonstrate an awareness and appreciation of the relationships and processes of interaction of all elements in the world around them.
Students who meet this cultural essential agreement are able to:
Recognize and build upon the inter-relationships that exist among the spiritual, natural and human realms in the world around them, as reflected in their own cultural traditions and beliefs as well as those of others.
Understand the ecology and geography of the bioregion they inhabit.
Demonstrate an understanding of the relationship between world view and the way knowledge is formed and used.
Determine how ideas and concepts from one knowledge system relate to those derived from other knowledge systems.
Recognize how and why cultures change over time.
Anticipate the changes that occur when different cultural systems come in contact with one another.
Determine how cultural values and beliefs influence the interaction of people from different cultural backgrounds.
Identify and appreciate who they are and their place in the world.
									Anahuacalmecac Student Council - Toanauamachtihkehweyetlahtokan								
Anahuacalmecac Student Council - Organizational Methods
AIUP Charter Petition
AIUP Consejo (Board) Agendas
Course Descriptions
Resources 
Videos
Staff
Schoolwide Surveys 2017-18
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.