Semillas Community Schools
SCHOOL RETURNS TO NORMAL SCHOOL DAY TOMORROW APRIL 10, 2018. REGRESO A CLASES NORMAL MANANA 10 de ABRIL 2018.
Skip to main content
About Us
Welcome
Mission Statement
Heads of School/Administrative Contacts
Board of Directors
School Governance
Culture
Campus Directory
Directions
Staff Directory
Public Information 
Academics
Academies
Course Descriptions
Languages
Los Angeles' First Indigenous World Schools
International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program
Semillas IB Film
Indigenous Education
Afterschool Program
Enroll
How to Apply
FAQs
Students
PYP K-5 Academic Calendar
MYP 6-12 Academic Calendar
PYP Bell Schedule
MYP Bell Schedule
DreamBox Learning Grades TK-Algebra 1
Raz-Kids
Typing Tutors
Clubs and Activities
Essential Cultural Agreements
Hanban Chinese Bridge Summer Camp
College Guidance
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parents
Parent & Student Handbook
School Events Calendar
Resources
Anahuacalmecac Slideshow
Food Services
Unified Classroom (PowerSchool)
Parent Surveys
School Site Council
Advocacy
Sentli Seeds of Sovereignty Summit
Abolish Columbus Day
M.A.I.Z.E - International Indigenous Inquiry
Kalmekak
Soaring Eagles
Facility Use Form
Technology Request
Media
News
Video Gallery
Press Releases
Site Information
Support
Our Partners
Donate Now
Fundraising
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
				Twitter
				Facebook
				Instagram
				Blogspot
					YouTube
Donate
En Español
Contact Us
International Baccalaureate Program
PROGRAMS
 »		
Media
			 » Site Information			
Site Information
Copyright Information
This website contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information including items such as photography, video, graphics, text, software, logos, and forms. Each of the items mentioned prior, are subject to United States Copyright laws. You may NOT modify, publish, display, transmit or in any form exploit the content that exists on this website or that of any affiliates.You shall not upload, e-mail, post, or make available in any other fashion, any material on this website that is protected by copyright, trademark, or other laws without the express written permission from Semillas Sociedad Civil.
Disclaimers
Semillas’ website contains links to other websites that are independently operated sites outside of 
www.dignidad.org.
 Semillas is not responsible for the privacy practices, activities, or content of such independent sites. Any links to external websites and/or non-Semillas information provided on Semillas pages are provided as a courtesy. They should not be construed as an endorsement by Semillas of the content or views of the linked materials. The materials on these independent sites are the opinion of the specified author(s) and are not statements, advice, opinions, support or information of Semillas.
The use of this website is at your sole risk. Semillas, its affiliates or authorized representatives shall not assume any responsibility for your use  of this website. Semillas is not liable for any negative impact that may occur to any one’s individual computer as a result of using the website, including the downloading of information.
Terms of Use
General 
 Your access and use of this website is subject to the following terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the website. If you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use this website automatically terminates, and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials. Semillas Sociedad Civil (“Semillas”) reserves the right to modify this site or these terms in any fashion at any time without notice. Your use of the website is subject to the most current version of the terms posted on the website at the time of such use.
Reporting Website Problems/Contact Information 
 To report a technical problem, or if you have any questions, comments and/or concerns regarding the terms of use of the Semillas website, please contact 
techcoordinator@dignidad.org
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
News
									Site Information								
Press Releases
Staff
Videos
4736 Huntington Drive S
Los Angeles, CA 90032
Phone: (323) 352-3148 
Fax: (323) 352-8758
Cultivating Higher Learning
Non-discrimination: At Semillas Community Schools, we value diversity and equality for all of our students, and we will not discriminate against any student on the basis of ethnicity, national origin, gender, orientation or ability.