Woodburn
Arthur Academy    
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
About Us
Principal's Message
Staff Directory
Directions
Board & Leadership
Calendar and Events
School Calendar
Newsletter
Bulletin Board
18-19 School Calendar to download
Parents
School Hours
Dress Code
Lunch
School Forms & Lists
Parking Lot Procedures
Inclement Weather
Immunizations
Volunteer Opportunities
Parents Organization
Application and Enrollment
Arthur Academy Schools
Contact
Login
			Please Create A Marquee			
 Facebook
 Twitter
 RSS
News
							Spring Music Concert - Monday, May 7th at 6:00pm						
							CLICK on the title above for details about this favorite Spring event.							
 Read More » 							
							Panoramic School Wide Picture - April 30th						
							Parents, make sure your student is wearing their very best set of uniform dress code clothing on Monday, April 30th for our school wide picture.  Order forms were sent home.  Additional order forms are available in the school office.							
 Read More » 							
							SPRING SCHOOL CLEAN UP! THIS SATURDAY-APRIL 21ST - 10 AM to 12 NOON						
							Grab some yard tools, the kids and come on out Saturday morning at 10am for our Spring School Clean Up.  There's plenty to be done to spruce up our campus.  A hot dog lunch will be served after the work is done.  We hope to see you there!!!							
 Read More » 							
							THE PENNY WAR IS ON!!!						
							All this week, kids can bring pennies to earn penny points for their class.  Bills count as points also.  Kids can bring silver change to make other classes subtract points!  The class that earns the most penny points at the end of the week will win a chance to throw 100 water balloons at Mr. Izer during our last Knights Round-table Assembly!!!							
 Read More » 							
							NO BUS SERVICE - March 21st through 23rd						
							Parents of bus riders, please be aware that bus service will not be available on 
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, this week.  These are regular school days for Arthur Academy.  However, the district is closed and will not provide bus service for our students. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.							
 Read More » 							
			RSS Feed		
Woodburn
Arthur Academy
575 Gatch Street,
Woodburn, OR 97071
Phone: 
503-981-5746
Fax: 503-981-5742 
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Staff
Homework
Directions