Woodburn
Arthur Academy    
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
About Us
Principal's Message
Staff Directory
Directions
Board & Leadership
Calendar and Events
School Calendar
Newsletter
Bulletin Board
18-19 School Calendar to download
Parents
School Hours
Dress Code
Lunch
School Forms & Lists
Parking Lot Procedures
Inclement Weather
Immunizations
Volunteer Opportunities
Parents Organization
Application and Enrollment
Arthur Academy Schools
Contact
Login
			Please Create A Marquee			
 Facebook
 Twitter
 RSS
Application and Enrollment Process
General Information
All students who reside in the state of Oregon are eligible for admission to Arthur Academy Public Charter School. Oregon Charter School law allows students to apply to the school from outside the school district without an interdistrict transfer.
Applications are accepted after January 1st of each year for the following school year.
A
s per our Charter School Agreement, priority will be given to students as follows: 
Current students
Siblings of current students
Students residing in that school district
Out of district students
In the event that Arthur Academy receives more applications than there are openings in a specific grade, a random lottery will be held. The lottery is normally held the first week of April.
Lottery Process
For each grade, the student applications are divided into two groups: In-District and Out-of-District.  Once the lottery is conducted, all students who have been selected for admission will be notified.  The remaining students will be placed on a wait list in the event of future openings.
Applications will still be accepted after the first lottery.  These applications will be drawn on May 1st and June 1st and will be added to the current wait list.
Application Process
Following notification, all students admitted will receive an application packet.  It is the parent’s responsibility to return the complete application packet by the appropriate deadline to enroll the student.  Students are not officially enrolled until all paperwork is complete and turned in to the school office.
Woodburn
Arthur Academy
575 Gatch Street,
Woodburn, OR 97071
Phone: 
503-981-5746
Fax: 503-981-5742 
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Staff
Homework
Directions