Global Learning Charter School
Skip to main content
MAIN MENU
About Us
Mission & Vision
Overview
Executive Director's Message
Staff Directory
Administration
Board of Trustees
2017 -18 Annual Report
Photo Album
Photo & Video Gallery
Important Charter School Links
Contact Us
Enrollment
Why GLCPS?
How to Enroll
GLCPS Life
Academic Testing Calendar
Enrichment After-School Programs
Community Portal
Food Menu
Health Services
Wellness Policy
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Prevention of Opioid Misuse
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Grading Guidelines
Use of Electronics
Forms, Surveys & Links
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Uniform Orders
Title I
High School Program of Studies
College/Career
Get Involved
Donate
Ways to Give
Global Gala
Employment Opportunities
Become A Mentor for College Success
Alumni
Student Handbook
			 » Dress Code			
Dress Code
Dress Code
GLCPS has a strict dress code for all students, which includes a uniform. All clothing must be sized appropriately. Pants, shorts, capri pants, and skirts must be worn at the waist. Shorts and Skirts must be knee length.
Violations of School Dress Code: Students will not be able to attend classes unless they are wearing the school uniform properly. If a student comes to school and is not wearing the school uniform as described, they will be sent to the Main Office. Parents and/or guardians will then be called and the appropriate clothing must be brought to school in order for the student to return to class. If the proper clothing is not brought to school, the student will be sent home.  The parent/guardian will be called to pick up the student.
Shirts: Appropriate Size (no oversized shirts allowed):
School embroidered polo shirts in the colors burgundy or navy blue, are required and must be purchased at GLCPS
White or light blue Oxford dress shirts with the school emblem (available for purchase through school)
White or light blue Oxford dress shirts without the school emblem (available for purchase through many local stores)
School short sleeve tee-shirts (burgundy and navy blue).
The only outerwear students are allowed to wear inside the building is sweaters, sweatshirts, fleece pullovers, fleece vests and cardigans with the school emblem.
Pants: Non-jean ‘khaki’ style pants
Colors: khaki ONLY
Pants must be worn at the waist and need to be sized appropriately (not too tight or too loose)
No cargo pockets are allowed
NO jeans
No “skinny pants”
No “yoga pants or leggings” worn as pants
Shorts (to the Knee) and Capris:
Must be worn at the waist
No cargo pockets are allowed (plain Dockers style shorts or capris only)
Colors: khaki ONLY
Skirts (to the knee):
Must be worn at the waist
Colors: khaki ONLY
No cargo pockets on any skirts are allowed
Tights or leggings worn under skirts must be school colors: burgundy, navy blue, black, grey or white
Shoes (shoes and/or sneakers):
Must have a closed back and toe
Shoes or sneakers need to be tied or fastened
NO heels are allowed
NO flip flops or sandals of any kind are allowed
NO slippers
Physical Education Attire:
GLCPS t-shirt, GLCPS gym shorts, sneaker, athletic footwear. Students may wear GLCPS windbreaker jacket and GLCPS windbreaker pants to school only on the days they have physical education. All other days, students must adhere to regular uniform dress code policy.
The school administration reserves the right to make a determination on whether or not the student is adhering to the rules of the school uniform policy. 
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Use of Electronics
Grading Guidelines
School Closing Emergency Procedure
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Global Learning Charter School
190 Ashley Boulevard New Bedford, MA 02746
Phone: 508.991.4105 Fax: 508.991.4110 
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
The Global Learning Charter Public School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, limited English Proficiency, disability, veteran status, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation or housing status.