Global Learning Charter School
Skip to main content
MAIN MENU
About Us
Mission & Vision
Overview
Executive Director's Message
Staff Directory
Administration
Board of Trustees
2017 -18 Annual Report
Photo Album
Photo & Video Gallery
Important Charter School Links
Contact Us
Enrollment
Why GLCPS?
How to Enroll
GLCPS Life
Academic Testing Calendar
Enrichment After-School Programs
Community Portal
Food Menu
Health Services
Wellness Policy
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Prevention of Opioid Misuse
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Grading Guidelines
Use of Electronics
Forms, Surveys & Links
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Uniform Orders
Title I
High School Program of Studies
College/Career
Get Involved
Donate
Ways to Give
Global Gala
Employment Opportunities
Become A Mentor for College Success
Alumni
Enrichment After-School Programs
GLCPS is excited once again to provide enrichment after school programs. Below find an updated list of enrichment after-school programs for the 2017 - 2018 school year. The registration form must be filled out electronically and submitted as soon as possible.
All forms must be submitted. This includes the registration form, proof of a doctor's physical exam for students joining athletic programs, and the bus transportation form for those students who will be taking the bus to get home after their program. 
To register, please click After-School Programs 
Registration Form.
Please contact Mrs. Colson with questions at 508-991-4105 ext. 503 or 
ccolson
@glcps.org 
There will be busing provided for after-school programs for families on a first come, first served basis. 
We are offering a North End and South End bus with a total of 48 seats each. Again, seats are first come first served. If the number of students exceeds 48, a wait list will be created. If your child needs transportation home after his/her program please click 
here for the Bus Registration Form
. 
The late bus will leave the school at 4:30 PM.
Enrichment After-school Program Offerings:
Global Learning Charter Public School
2017-18 FULL YEAR AND SPRING 
 Enrichment After-School Programs Descriptions
Program Descriptions:
Art Club: 
If you can't wait for Art class or having art for just one semester isn't enough then join Art Club. Students will experiment with new projects, test new materials, and help with ongoing art displays throughout the building. This club is open to grades 5-8 and will meet on Tuesdays.
Basketball (Middle School Intramural): 
Students will participate in an intramural basketball program designed to help students improve their game through a variety of drills, games and fun activities. Students will participate in two separate basketball programs. Students in grades 5-7 will meet on Wednesdays.  
Basketball (High School Intramural): 
Students will participate in an intramural basketball program designed to help students improve their game through a variety of drills, games and fun activities. Students will participate in two separate basketball programs. Students in grades 8-12 will meet on Tuesdays. 
Boxing/Fitness Club:  
Students will be guided through a program designed to increase strength, conditioning, and endurance along with an introduction to basic boxing skills. Students in grades 5-8 will meet on Fridays.
Cheerleading Squad:
 Students will meet on Thursdays after school to learn cheers and routines to cheer on our basketball team The Royals. Students will be transported to and from the games by bus.  Student cheerleader captains (to be determined) will assist in leading and guiding fellow cheerleaders. This program is for students in grades 8-12 and will meet on Thursdays.  
Chess Club:
 The Chess Club is for any students who enjoy playing chess, or are interested in learning to play chess. The club will allow students of all ability levels to play chess against their friends and to improve their skills. Beginners are encouraged to join and learn the basics of the game.  The chess club is open to students in grades 5-12 and will meeting on Wednesdays.
Dungeons and Dragons Club:
 Who's up for a dungeon crawl? We will design and play a campaign that meets once a week. This will be table-top gaming and role-playing in a system and version to be determined based on what everyone has. If time and interest allows, we can incorporate some online aspects to enhance play.  Students in grades 8-12 will meet on Thursdays.  
Flag Football (Middle School Intramural): 
The purpose of the Intramural Middle School Flag Football program is to keep students active and healthy while learning the skills necessary to compete in games. The Middle School program will deal with more teaching and learning, with hopefully a couple of scrimmage games against local schools towards the end of the program. 
Flag Football will take place at Riverside Park and will start in April.  Students in grades 5-7 will meet on Tuesdays. 
Flag Football (High School Intramural):
 The purpose of the Intramural High School Flag Football program is to keep students active and healthy while learning the skills necessary to compete in games. The High School program allows the students to have maximum game time so they can showcase the skills and knowledge they had learned in middle school. The High School program will compete in games against local charter and alternative schools.  
Flag Football will take place at Riverside Park and will start in April.  Students in grades 8-12 will meet on Thursdays.
Garden Club:
 The garden club will focus on the care and nurture of the current raised bed that surround the school. During this full year program, students will be learning the proper care of the current plants in the garden beds. Students will learn about the ways different vegetables grow.  Students will be responsible for getting the garden ready for winter. Students will begin to plant seeds inside then transplant them outside.  As a club we will prepare the gardens for the community to use for herbs, vegetables, and flowers. We will also look at several different recipes for the vegetables and herbs in our garden and share them with the school community. This club is open to grades 5-8 and will meet on Wednesdays.
Girls Basketball Club:
 The girl’s basketball club will teach the girls 
team building skills.  Girls will learn and master the sport of basketball related to dribbling, shooting, defense, offense, positions, etc.  This club is open to girls in grades 9-12 and will meet on Thursdays.
GLCPS Chorus:
This is a year-long program that explores choral music from a wide variety of cultures, time periods and styles through performance. The core curriculum emphasizes the basics of vocal technique, sight-reading, music theory, and music history. Students in Chorus are expected to participate in fundraising events, concerts and competitions at the end of the year. This program is open to grades 5-12 and 
will meet on Thursdays.
Global
 Karate Academy
 (GKA) - 
Grades 5-9 Beginners: Prerequisite – White belt up to Orange/green belt. This after school club helps students build the mind, body and spirit through the study of Tang Soo Do. Participation in this class helps students become more confident, physically and mentally fit, and gain valuable life skills to help them in life.  Membership in GKA allows students to train with the intention of gaining higher belt ranks and participating in World Tang Soo Do Association (WTSDA) sanctioned events. WTSDA membership and testing fees are required, and students must test at least once per year to remain in good standing. Beginners’ classes meet Tuesdays and Wednesdays. 
Global Karate Academy (GKA) – Grades 7-12 Intermediate/Advanced:
 Prerequisite – Orange belt and above. This program continues on the track of the beginners program.  For more information, see above Beginners course description.
The Intermediate/Advanced program will meet on Thursdays.
Little Dresses for Africa:
Students will sew simple dresses and shorts to help students in Africa. Clothes provided will allow students to attend school. This program is open to grades 5-12 and will meet on Tuesdays. 
Interact Club: 
A rotary-sponsored service club for young people.  Students will have the opportunity to participate in a fun and meaningful service projects. Through interactive service activities, members learn the importance of: leadership skills and personal integrity, demonstrate helpfulness and respect for others, under the value of individual responsibility and hard work.  Students will learn how to advance international understanding and good-will. The club is open to grades 5-12 and will meet on Thursdays.
Middle School Band: 
Students meet in sectionals twice per week, flutes, clarinets and saxophones on Tuesdays and Thursdays, trumpets, trombones, low brass and percussion on Wednesdays and Fridays.
Minecraft Club: 
Minecraft is a game where you dig (mine) and build (craft) different kinds of 3D blocks within a large world of varying terrains and habitats to explore. We will build, create and game together.  This club is open to grades 5-8 and will meet on Fridays.
Pokémon Club: 
This club will instill in the members a sense of camaraderie, team-building and sportsmanship. These games require higher order thinking skills, strategic thinking, and problem solving in a fun setting.  Beginners to experts are welcome! Bring your cards and we will help you form decks for game play. This club is part of the Global Pokémon League. The club is open to all grades and meets on Saturdays from 11:00-1:00 pm at the Jacobs Center.   
The 'Happy Feet' Running Club: 
This club will get you to your next level of fitness whether you are just starting out or are already involved in a sport. Have fun tracking your fitness progress, learning fitness games, setting and reaching your goals, and, of course, running. Learn about all the different ways you can enjoy this sport, including road races, trail running, and marathons. You decide how far you want to go!  This program is open to grades 5-12 and will meet on Thursdays. This club will start in April, if weather permits.
Scrapbooking Club: 
This club will teach students the method for preserving personal and family history in the form of a scrapbook. It includes memorabilia, photographs, printed media and artwork. Scrapbooking is open to grades 5-12 and will meet on Wednesdays.
Soccer Program (Middle Intramural): 
Students will learn the fundamentals of soccer through drills, games, and other fun activities. Students in grade 5-7 will meet on Fridays. The soccer program will take place at Riverside Park and will start in April,   if weather permits.
Soccer Program (High School Intramural): 
Students will learn the fundamentals of soccer through drills, games, and other fun activities. Students in grade 8-12 will meet on Thursdays. The soccer program will take place at Riverside Park and will start in  
April, if weather permits.
Strategy Games Club:
 Students will play a variety of games that involve a high level of critical thinking, strategy and role playing to achieve victory. This club is best suited for students with an imagination and an interest in history, science, pop culture, and trivia. This club is open to grades 8-12 and will meet on Tuesdays.  
Ultimate Frisbee:
 Playing ultimate frisbee games and working on skills such as throwing and catching frisbees. As well as learning the rules of the game and playing small scale games. This program is for students in grades 8-12 and will meet on Wednesdays. The program will start in April, if weather permits.
Wacky World of Clay: 
Students will learn basic clay techniques in order to make a variety of projects that will be student directed and guided by the teacher.
Students will have fun learning the basics of hand building with clay and create student driven projects with the teacher's guidance. All levels are welcome!  
This 
program 
is open to grades 5-7 and will meet on Wednesdays.
Writing Club: 
This club provides opportunities for students of varying grade levels. Students will write, revise, share ideas, and collaborate with other students throughout the building.  Additionally, a positive, productive and creative forum is established in which students feel comfortable taking risks, thus building confidence, as they experiment in writing.  This program is open to grades 5-8 and will meet on Wednesdays.
Yearbook Committee:
Students participating in yearbook committee will design, organize, create and publish the GLCPS Yearbook. This process involves and builds upon digital photography, computer technology, editing, organizing pages and creative artistic skills. Students will also create and implement a marketing strategy to sell the finished product. This program runs on Thursdays from 3:20-5:00 pm and is open to grades 8-12 and will meet on Thursdays.
Important Program Dates
Year long programs:
Tuesday, October 3, 2017 through Friday, May 25, 2018
Spring programs: 
Tuesday, January 30, 2018 through Friday, May 25, 2018
Cyndi Colson
Home School Liaison
Email: 
ccolson@glcps.org
Phone: 508-991-4105 ext.503
IMPORTANT PROGRAM DATES
Year Long Programs
Tuesday, October 3, 2017
through
Friday, May 25, 2018
Fall Programs
Tuesday, October 3, 2017
through
Friday, January 26, 2018
Spring Programs
Tuesday, January 30, 2018
through
Friday, May 25, 2018
IMPORTANT EXTRACURRICULAR ATHLETIC FORMS
Extracurricular Activities Medical Waiver Form
Concussion Policy
Massachusetts Law Prohibiting the Practice of Hazing
Substance Abuse Information
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Global Learning Charter School
190 Ashley Boulevard New Bedford, MA 02746
Phone: 508.991.4105 Fax: 508.991.4110 
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
The Global Learning Charter Public School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, limited English Proficiency, disability, veteran status, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation or housing status.