Southwest Preparatory School District
Southwest Preparatory School District
Search
View Original
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
Guest
 | 
Login
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##									
			    {1}							    
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
Home
About Us
Staff Directory
History
Our Core Beliefs
Mission & Vision  Statement
Required Postings
Non Discrimination Statement
Board Information
About Our Superintendent
Donate
Schools
Our Schools
Registration and Enrollment
Northwest Campus
Parent Info
For Parents
Tips
Activities
Parent Portal
Counselor's Corner
Student-Parent Handbook 2017-2018
Student Link
Student Links
Academies
Academy of Hospitality and Tourism
Academy of Law and Public Safety
Academy of New Media
College and Careers
Dual Credit
Scholarships
SAT/ACT Information
SWPS State Assessment Information
Course Catalog
Student CASE links
Counselor's Corner
Student-Parent Handbook 2017-18
Bullying Report
Staff 
Staff Portal
STAFF WEBMAIL
Staff CASE links
HR
Human Resources
Employee Resources
Employee Handbook 
Athletics
New Directions Campus-1258 Austin Highway
South East Campus-735 S. WW White
North West Campus-6535 Culebra
NWE Athletics 2015-2016
SASPC
Staff Directory
Donate! 
Member Districts
Joining the Co-op
Mission and Vision
Services
Training Opportunities
Parent Resources
Teacher Resources
News
Human Resources
Employment Opportunities
Health Co-op
Southwest Preparatory School District
 » 
Student Link
 » 
Academies
 » 
Academy of Law and Public Safety
Academy of Law and Public Safety
Academy of Law and Public Safety
Download our brochure 
Academy of Law and Criminal Justice at Southwest Preparatory School is an academic and career-preparation program for students serious about a career in law enforcement or criminal justice. The four year program offers a unique opportunity for students to access expert local law enforcement knowledge through our curriculum and partnerships. Students who graduate from the Academy will gain knowledge and skills that prepare them for a variety of careers in law enforcement and criminal justice.  Academy students will be well prepared to continue their education or enter the workforce immediately in many different career options 
OUR PARTNERS
Our academy relies on high level support and the highest caliber leadership from its advisory board and local partners, representing the following companies.
Alamo Colleges
Bexar County Sheriff Junior Explorers Program
Our Lady of the Lake Criminal Justice Department
American Society of Industrial Security (ASIS)
Program of Study
Principles of Public Safety Grade 9
One Credit
Prerequisite: None
Introduces students to professions in law enforcement, security, corrections, and fire and emergency management services.  Students will examine roles and responsibilities of police, courts, corrections, private security, and protective agencies of fire and emergency services. The course provides students with an overview of the skills necessary for careers in law enforcement, fire service, security, and corrections.
Law Enforcement I Grade 10
One Credit
Prerquisite: Principles of Public Safety
Law Enforcement I is an overview of the history, organization, and functions of local, state, and federal law enforcement. This course includes the role of constitutional law, the United States legal system, criminal law, law enforcement terminology, and the classification and elements of crime.
Law Enforcement II Grade 11
One Credit
Prerequisite: Law Enforcement I
Law Enforcement II provides the knowledge and skills necessary to prepare for a career in law enforcement. This course includes the ethical and legal responsibilities, operation of police and emergency telecommunication equipment, and courtroom testimony.
Forensic Science Grade 12
One Credit
Prerequisite: 4th Year Science
Forensic Science is a course that uses a structured and scientific approach to the investigation of crimes of assault, abuse and neglect, domestic violence, accidental death, homicide, and the psychology of criminal behavior. Students will learn terminology and investigative procedures related to crime scene, questioning, interviewing, criminal behavior characteristics, truth detection, and scientific procedures used to solve crimes. Using scientific methods,
students will collect and analyze evidence through case studies and simulated crime scenes such as fingerprint analysis, ballistics, and blood spatter analysis. Students will learn the history, legal aspects, and career options for forensic science.
Facebook Page
Twitter Feed
1258 Austin Hwy, San Antonio, TX 78209 | Phone: 210-829-8017 | Fax: 210-829-8514
Website by 
SchoolMessenger Presence
.  © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.