Two Dimensions Preparatory Academy
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
Our District
Message from the Director
School History
Mission and Vision
Board of Directors
District Reporting
Photo Album
Staff Directory
Directions
Links
Video Gallery
Admissions
Enrollment Process
Admission Requirement
Lottery Information
Lottery Application
Parents
Academic Calendar
Attendance Policy
Dress Code
School Supply List
Meal Menu
Veterans
Corsicana
Vickery
Parent/Student Handbook
Resources
Human Resources
Teacher Qualifications
Paraprofessional Qualifications
Benefits
Job Postings
Apply
Staff Handbook
Forms
Contact Us
District Administrators
Campus Administrators
Teacher/Staff Directory
Request More Information
Campus Locations
 Google+
 Facebook
 Twitter
Search
Our District
			 » Message from the Superintendent			
Message from the Superintendent
Dear Families of Two Dimensions,
The Two Dimensions Board, staff and myself, want to take this opportunity to welcome everyone to another new and exciting school year.  The 2017-2018 school year is our 19th   year as a Charter School in the State of Texas.  We take this fact in the highest esteem.  We realize that to be a Charter School this long with the Texas Education Agency, we must have maintained and will continue to maintain high standards and provide high quality educational instructions for our children and staff in order to continue making an impact on Education. 
We have spent most of the summer preparing for this coming school year. The classrooms are fresh, we’ve even added some new staff.  That means that we are growing.  How exciting!  We believe that the beginning of school is one of the most exciting events one can have.  New clothes, new school supplies, new friends and new teachers.  Yes, it is like “A NEW YEAR”.  As we begin this new school year, again, we realize that we are allowed a fresh start at what we do each year.  With a new start, we have an opportunity to get better at what we do.  We have an opportunity again, to work closer with our families that have chosen to join us. 
Our theme this year is 
“ALL THINGS NEW…RECHARGE…REFOCUS…RENEW”
Our Board has endeavored to enhance the education of our students by adopting these yearly goals.  These goals are
Recruit, support and retain Qualified Teachers, Principals and Staff Members
Continue Building a Strong Foundation in Reading and Math
Connect Students to Pursue Career and College Anticipation
Engagement of Family Members to be Partners With and To Our School 
We will achieve these goals with excitement and with your support because we are a new family.  Our new handbook is designed to be in harmony with School Board Policy.  Please review each section carefully.  It is updated yearly.  There are changes and revisions that may occur.  In case of conflict between Board Policy and any provision of our Handbook, the provision that was most recently adopted by the Board of Directors will be followed.
Finally, we ask that you sign and return the last pages of our new Handbook to the Building Principal.  Again, welcome to an exciting new school year to all of our family.
Sincerely,
Daisy Simpson,
Superintendent
									Message from the Superintendent								
Mission and Vision
School History
District Reporting
Staff
Two Dimensions Preparatory Academy12121 Veterans Memorial Drive, Houston, TX 77067
Phone:(281) 227-4700
Veterans Campus
Corsicana Campus
Vickery Campus
Google+
Facebook
Twitter
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation