Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Apr 30, 2018
Summer Lunch Program Returns to Tussing in June
School will soon be out until fall, but lunch is still available!
The Pickerington Schools Food Services Department’s Summer Meals Program returns to Tussing Elementary this summer, with opportunities to “Pick Lunch: Eat, Play, and Have Fun!” Lunch will be served from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. weekdays in June.
“When school lets out, learning does not end,” said Judy Riley, the Supervisor of Food Service at Pickerington Schools. “Neither does the need for good nutrition.”
The ability to provide at least one meal a day to the students of Pickerington helps ensure that no child will go hungry in our community this summer. This also allows for learning and social opportunities for the students to keep their brains engaged.
Every Friday at lunch will be library day. Tuesdays allow for nutrition and fitness activities, courtesy of The Ohio State University Extension Office. Other special events will include Donato’s Pizza Days, “Zoo Day,” and other great events.
The meals are sponsored by the USDA, so are free for all children between ages 0 and 18. All meals must be eaten on site.
Meals will be provided to all children without charge and are the same regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability. There is no discrimination in the course of the meal service.
The district needs adult volunteers to help monitor the lunchroom in June. If you are interested in helping with the lunch program, contact Judy Riley at (614) 833-3645, or judy_riley@plsd.us.
In addition to the Pickerington lunch program, the 
Ohio Department of Education provides a list of other resources for summer meals on its website
.
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation