Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
News
Apr 30, 2018
Tussing, North Students Work To Help Homeless
You don’t have to be big to make a difference in the world, which is a lesson some first graders at Tussing Elementary are learning. The students in first-grade teacher Kaylee Jenson’s class have been working on a service learning project since January, with a goal of helping children who are in area homeless shelters. […]
Read more
Apr 30, 2018
Summer Lunch Program Returns to Tussing in June
School will soon be out until fall, but lunch is still available! The Pickerington Schools Food Services Department’s Summer Meals Program returns to Tussing Elementary this summer, with opportunities to “Pick Lunch: Eat, Play, and Have Fun!” Lunch will be served from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. weekdays in June. “When school lets out, learning […]
Read more
Apr 27, 2018
2018 PEA, PEF Awards Banquet Honors Presented
Numerous individuals and area organizations were honored Thursday night at the 12th annual Friends of Education Dinner, hosted by Pickerington Education Association and Pickerington Education Foundation. The event was held at Lakeview Junior High School. The Pickerington Education Association is made up of the district’s professional educators, nurses, guidance counselors and specialists who serve the […]
Read more
Apr 25, 2018
Ridgeview Named ‘RAMP’ School by ASCA
The American School Counselor Association has recognized Ridgeview STEM Junior High as an ASCA Model Program (RAMP.) The RAMP designation is awarded for aligning with the criteria in the ASCA National Model. It recognizes schools that are committed to delivering a comprehensive, data-driven school counseling program and an exemplary educational environment. “This year’s RAMP honorees […]
Read more
Apr 18, 2018
TGMS ‘Dragons’ Headed to Global D.I. Competition
Last year, they were the FBI (the Female Bureau of Investigation.) This year? The D.I. Dragons. A team of six students from Toll Gate Middle School is headed to Knoxville, Tenn., to represent Pickerington Schools in the global-level Destination Imagination competition from May 23-26. The all-female sixth-grade team is the first from the district to reach […]
Read more
Apr 18, 2018
Congratulations to Top 10 students from the Class of 2018!
Congratulations to the decem decori, the top 10 students from this year’s graduating classes at Pickerington High School Central and Pickerington High School North. Thanks for being such outstanding examples of Pickerington Pride! Pickerington High School Central Dylan Azadi, son of Saeid Azadi and Wilma de Vries. He plans to major in biology at Miami […]
Read more
Apr 16, 2018
Lakeview Students Create Dungeons and Dragons After-School Club
For one hour each week, Greg DeVoe’s social studies classroom transforms into a fantasy realm of imagination where demogorgons roam and druids test their endurance as they battle sorcerers with their swords and crossbows. Say what? If you’ve seen the Netflix hit series Stranger Things, you’ve heard of a demogorgon before. Chances are, you are […]
Read more
Apr 16, 2018
TechConnect Will Showcase Educational Technology
Technology and education go hand-in-hand in Pickerington Schools, and a special event planned for May 10 will give parents, students, and the community a chance to see first-hand how the district is creating 21st-century learning environments. The community is invited to “TechConnect,” a first-ever event featuring students and teachers sharing how technology is being used to support […]
Read more
Apr 16, 2018
29 Staff Members Honored with 2018 POPs Awards
Congratulations to this year’s Pride of Pickerington (POPs) building-level winners! Fourteen educators and 15 support personnel have received the 2018 “Pride of Pickerington” (POP) employee-of-the-year awards for their individual buildings. These individuals were selected by their colleagues as representing the best of the best of our talented, dedicated staff. The 29 winners will now be considered for the […]
Read more
Apr 12, 2018
Violet Fourth Grade Student Runs Fundraiser for Custodian
“How’s it going, Carter?” Head Custodian Eddie Figueroa asked with a big smile as students would exit cars and buses and head into Violet Elementary. Every day, Mr. Eddie welcomed students to school while helping at the parent drop-off line. Carter Hutmire, a fourth grade student at Violet Elementary, described Mr. Eddie as one of […]
Read more
Load More
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation