Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Useful District Maps
                The district school boundary maps and voter precinct maps are provided as a reference only. Because slight changes occur over time, they should not be your official resource for determining school of residency or precinct.            
School Attendance Boundary Maps
The following maps provide a general outline of school building boundaries at the elementary, middle school, and junior/senior high school levels.
Note that these maps should not be used when purchasing a home in Pickerington Schools, particularly near the shown boundaries. To confirm the attendance area of any property in the district, call our Welcome Center at 614.920.6180.
Maps also may not show new, planned, and in-progress housing developments.
Elementary school boundaries
Middle school boundaries
Junior high and high school boundaries
The public also can acquire attendance and transportation information with no identifiable information required through the district’s transportation portal.  This system can help determine the school and possible transportation service for a particular address. (Please note: Before purchasing a home, you should check with the 
Welcome Center
 to confirm which school your child would attend.)
Once you access the 
E-link System
 you will log in using “guest” as both username and the password.  You will then choose the grade and address; then the system will give the school of attendance as well as any possible transportation information (bus stop) if the address meets the eligibility guidelines.
If the address is not eligible for busing this information will also be shared.  The interactive map will show the address chosen, school location, and possible bus stop if eligible.  Bus stop information will need to be confirmed by contacting Petermann Transportation at 614.837.8525.
Bus Routes
Parents seeking information about their child’s bus pick-up and drop-off may use our 
interactive online system
. After clicking this link:
You will be asked to enter your user name and password. Both of those are your student’s ID number. If you don’t know your child’s student ID number you can get that information through 
Infinite Campus
.
Click “Log-In.”
Click “Work with Students.”
Click “View My Students.”
Click a student’s name to be taken to their transportation information page. Read this page carefully as it explains the morning and afternoon transportation information for your student.
Students with the same home phone number will be grouped together on the “View My Students” page. If, for some reason, you do not see all the students in your household, try logging in again using one of your other children’s information.
If there is a change that needs to be made regarding your student’s pick-up or drop-off sites please fill out a 
change of bus stop form (PDF)
 and fax it to the Transportation Department at 614.837.9485.  Access an 
RTF version of the bus stop change form
.
This online database will replace the transportation letter that is typically mailed to students prior to the first day of school.
Voting Precinct Map
The 
attached map
 can be used for reference in determining a resident’s voting precinct, but voters in Pickerington Schools are encouraged to contact the 
Fairfield County Board of Elections
 or 
Franklin County Board of Elections
 with specific questions about their precincts and polling places.
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation