Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Board of Education
                Welcome to the Board of Education page of the Pickerington Schools website. Below is information that defines the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Education. We thank you for your support and interest and hope you will find the information helpful.            
Board of Education Leadership Team
                        Keith Kristoff                    
                        President                    
                        614-404-3323                    
                        keith_kristoff@plsd.us                    
                        Clay Lopez                    
                        Board Member                    
                        614.382.2111                    
                        clay_lopez@plsd.us                    
                        Vanessa Niekamp                    
                        Board Member                    
                        614.441.3377                    
                        vanessa_niekamp@plsd.us                    
                        Lori Sanders                    
                        Board Member                    
                        614.755.9066                    
                        lori_sanders@plsd.us                    
                        Michelle Waterhouse                    
                        Vice President                    
                        614-866-5542                    
                        michelle_waterhouse@plsd.us                    
                        Chris Briggs                    
                        Superintendent                    
                        614.834.2153                    
                        chris_briggs@plsd.us                    
                        Ryan Jenkins                    
                        Treasurer                    
                        614.834.2140                    
                        ryan_jenkins@plsd.us                    
About the Board
Mission of the Pickerington Schools Board of Education
Our mission is to provide an engaging, innovative and holistic experience that empowers all students to become responsible, productive citizens.
Board Meeting Location
Board meetings are held in the District Office Conference Room, 90 North East Street, unless otherwise noted.
When location is rescheduled, they typically are held at the Heritage Elementary auditorium, adjacent to District Office.
2018 Board Meeting Schedule
Board meetings are held on the second and fourth Monday of each month, unless noted. Special meetings are scheduled on an as-needed basis.
The following is the approved list of 2018 meeting dates for the Pickerington Schools Board of Education. Meetings in italics reflect changes from the standard meeting dates of the second and fourth meeting of the month. Dates and locations are subject to change.
January 8, 2018 (6 p.m.)
January 22, 2018 (6 p.m.)
February 12, 2018 (6 p.m.)
February 26, 2018 (5 p.m.)
March 12, 2018 (6 p.m.)
March 26, 2018 (5 p.m.)
April 9, 2018 (6 p.m.)
April 23, 2018 (5 p.m.)
May 7, 2018 (5:30 p.m. recognition event; 6 p.m. meeting)
May 21, 2018 (5 p.m. POPs recognition; 6 p.m. meeting)
June 11, 2018 (6 p.m.)
June 25, 2018 (5 p.m.)
July 16, 2018 (6 p.m.)
July 30, 2018 (5 p.m.)
August 13, 2018 (6 p.m.)
August 27, 2018 (5 p.m.)
September 5, 2018 (6 p.m.)
September 17, 2018 (5 p.m.)
October 8, 2018 (6 p.m.)
October 22, 2018 (5 p.m.)
November 5, 2018 (6 p.m.)
November 19, 2018 (5 p.m.)
December 10, 2018 (6 p.m.)
Watch Board Meetings Live and Recorded Online
The district streams all Board of Education regular meetings and work sessions live online. Recordings of these meetings also are available to stream at any time. Watch meetings on the 
Livestream website.
Public Participation at Board Meetings
The Board of Education welcomes comments from our community. The board provides an opportunity for public participation at its monthly meetings, when individuals may offer ideas and ask questions in a public setting. To speak at a board meeting, individuals must fill out and submit a 
public comment form (PDF)
 | 
public comment form (RTF)
. This form is available online and at the meetings.
There are two opportunities to comment at board meetings. The board provides a time for general comments at the beginning of the meeting. A second comment period at the end of the meeting is for topics that were covered by the board on that meeting’s agenda. Comments are limited to three minutes.
Individuals addressing the board can expect the board president to respond to questions in one or more of the following ways:
Asking the superintendent or a member of the administration to follow up
Setting a date for further follow-up or review
Acknowledging that the question/concern may not be able to be addressed at the present time
Thanking you for your input and interest
Agendas and Minutes
Board meeting agendas and minutes for meetings held after January 2014 can be accessed on the 
Board Docs
 website.
To access meetings prior to 2014, go to the 
Board Docs
 website, then click on the “Library” tab.
Board of Education Homework
The board performs certain routine business responsibilities each month to keep the district operating smoothly. These tasks often are accomplished with a consent agenda.
Other items on the meeting agendas will require informed decisions based upon research, review, and committee work. The board does much of its fact-finding beforehand through committee reports, meetings, inquiries to staff, and committee liaison responsibilities.
In short, if the board and staff are doing their homework, asking pertinent questions, and getting satisfactory answers, the topics on the Board agenda should reflect this preparation.
Communicating with the Board of Education
Typically, individuals who write to a member of the Board of Education will receive a response that either answers the questions or refers the individual to the appropriate member of the administration, who will be able to answer those questions.
Individuals writing to the entire Board of Education will receive a response from the board president, either answering the question or referring them to the appropriate member of the administration, who will be able to answer the question.
Policies
All Pickerington Local Schools Board of Education policies can be found on 
Board Docs
. If you do not find the policy you are trying to reference, contact 
Jill Amos
. A PDF of the requested board policy will be emailed to you.
Board Committee Liaisons
Note: The following reflects board committee appointments for 2017. The board is expected to make new appointments for 2018 soon.
Buildings & Grounds: Keith Kristoff, Vanessa Niekamp 
This committee considers select topics related to food services, transportation, building maintenance and capital improvement projects.
Calendar: Cathy Olshefski (alternate: Vanessa Niekamp)
This committee works with members of district staff to develop school-year calendars.
District Leadership Team: Cathy Olshefski, Michelle Waterhouse
The District Leadership Team (DLT) is comprised of board members, parents, teachers, and administrators. The DLT guides the continuous improvement process for the district. 
Finance: Keith Kristoff, Michelle Waterhouse
In an effort to maintain the highest levels of transparency and communication with respect to district finances and the equitable and efficient use of resources, the Finance Liaison Committee meets the second Thursday of each month. The committee discusses all facets of the district’s financial goals, strategies, and operations with key stakeholders within the school and the community.
Insurance: Lori Sanders (alternate: Michelle Waterhouse)
Comprised equally of representatives from the Pickerington administrative team and the Pickerington Education Association, the Pickerington Schools Insurance Committee meets five to eight times per school year to review the district’s health and dental insurance programs.  The committee’s overarching goal is to find cost-effective ways to offer district employees a highly competitive, comprehensive benefits plan.
Policy: Lori Sanders, Michelle Waterhouse
This committee collaborates with various departments to review related policies and make necessary changes to meet current practices and legislative requirements. The committee reviews the recommendations for all new and current policies before they are proposed to the Board of Education.
Schools and Community: Vanessa Niekamp, Cathy Olshefski
One board member represents the district as a liaison to other committees and organizations.
Student Activities: Keith Kristoff, Lori Sanders
This committee considers select topics related to various activities in the athletic department, fine arts departments, and other student activities.  
Ohio's Sunshine Law
Ohio law mandates that school board meetings be open to the public, with an exception of executive sessions. In an executive session, the board may discuss but not vote on:
The appointment, employment, dismissal, discipline, promotion, demotion or compensation of an employee or official, or the investigation of charges against an employee or official, or regulated individual requests a public hearing;
The purchase of property for public purposes or the sale of property a competitive bidding;
Disputes which are the subject of pending or imminent court action in conference with an attorney;
Preparing for, conducting or reviewing negotiations or bargaining sessions with employees;
Matters required to be kept confidential by federal or state statutes;
Specialized details of security arrangements or emergency response.
Legal Responsibilities of the Board of Education
The Board of Education is legally responsible to:
Develop policies and regulations necessary for the governance of the school district.
Ensure students are provided with high quality educational opportunities.
Appoint a superintendent of schools and invest such powers in him/her as may be legally delegated.
Appoint a treasurer.
Act on personnel and policies recommended by the superintendent.
See that the annual budget is prepared and acted on.
Pass an annual appropriations measure.
Adopt a master calendar annually.
Enter into contracts with all personnel in the manner required by Ohio laws.
Levy taxes with a vote of the people to maintain schools.
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources