Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
Public Relations
                The Public Relations Department plays a key role in telling the Pickerington Schools story, from our achievements, programs, operations and finances to the day-to-day activities that make our classrooms fun and exciting places to learn. The Public Relations Department ensures the Pickerington Schools community is informed about and engaged with the district.            
About our Department
The Public Relations Department manages the website and social media programs, coordinates print publications, and develops special events designed to inform our community about activities in the district. The department handles media relations for the district and coordinates the overall Pickerington Schools brand program.
The department also strives to identify appropriate and regular opportunities for stakeholders to advise the district on matters of public perception and opinion, including community perception surveys.
The department supports the communication, engagement and marketing efforts of individual schools and administrative departments within the district, prioritizing activities and efforts with the greatest potential for broad impact on public perception, parental engagement, student education and fiscal responsibility.
Public Relations Department
                        David Ball                    
                        Public Relations Director                    
                        614.834.2161                    
                        david_ball@plsd.us                    
                        Marisa Glusich                    
                        Public Relations Intern                    
                        614.833.2110                    
                        marisa_glusich@plsd.us                    
Have a Great Story or Photo Idea?
Have a great idea about something happening in our schools that you think would make a great addition to our website or social media feeds? Or perhaps you have some pictures taken at a recent school event that you think the district should share on social media?
The best way to submit your ideas to the district is through 
this convenient form
, but you can also 
email us
 with your photos and story ideas, or connect with us on 
Twitter
 with @PLSD and on 
Facebook
.
Communications
Getting News and Info from the District
Pickerington Schools uses a variety of tools and tactics to communicate with parents and the community.
Social media
Follow the district on 
Facebook
 and 
Twitter
.
Website
We always post the latest news and information from the district on our website.
Newsletters
The district and many school principals produce periodic newsletters for parents. These can be both digital and printed.
Infinite Campus
Pickerington Schools uses an e-communication and telephone service to contact large groups of households for special announcements and emergencies such as calamity days. The Infinite Campus system is part of our student information system and is capable of sending emails and phone calls to our addresses and phone numbers on record.
Parents and guardians are automatically enrolled as subscribers based on the contact information we have on file through 
Infinite Campus
.
For that reason, it is important for parents to 
ensure their contact information in Infinite Campus is correct.
 This can be done by logging in to the online parent portal or by checking with your child’s building secretary to ensure we have your most up-to-date phone numbers and email addresses.
Update your information: To update your phone numbers and email addresses to ensure you are receiving important news, go to Infinite Campus parent portal and find the Household Information tab. Can’t remember your parent portal log in or password? Just fill out a 
Help Desk Ticket
 and we will be happy to assist you in retrieving that information
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation