West Philadelphia Achievement 
Charter Elementary School
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
About
Mission Statement
CEO
Board
Staff
Address and Hours
News
Curriculm
Technology at WPACES
Art at WPACES
Music at WPACES
Resources
School Uniform
Student Handbook
Calendar
Parents
Admissions
Bell Schedule
Lunch Menu
Counselor's Corner
Employment
Photo Gallery
Videos
Lost and Found
November Newsletter
Public Notices
Policies
WPACES Wellness Policy
Students
Clubs & Activities
Storia
Study Island
Everyday Math
Technology Links
Staff
Our Staff
Prime Point
Outlook
Gmail
PowerSchool
Substitute Teachers
Equipment Checkout
Contact
| Login
Search
Public Notice & Policies
Board of Trustees Meetings 2016 - 2017
When
Tuesday, September 13, 2016
Tuesday, October 11 ,2016
Tuesday, November 8, 2016
Tuesday, December 13, 2016
Tuesday, January 9, 2017
Tuesday, February 14, 2017
Tuesday, March 14, 2017
Tuesday, April 11, 2017
Tuesday, May 9, 2017
Tuesday, June 13, 2017
Where
West Philadelphia Achievement Charter School
6701 Callowhill Street
CEO Office - Conference Room
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19151
Time
6:00 PM
CHILD FIND POLICY AND 
PUBLIC OUTREACH AWARENESS SYSTEM
In accordance with Chapter 711 of Title 22 of the Pennsylvania Code, the CEO of the Philadelphia Charter School for the Arts and Sciences at H.R. Edmunds or his/her designee shall ensure that students with disabilities, regardless of the severity of their disabilities, and who are in need of special education and related services, are identified, located, and evaluated, and that a practical method is developed and implemented to determine which students with disabilities are currently receiving needed special education and related services. 
Child Find includes students who are suspected of having a disability under Section 300.8 of the federal regulations that implement IDEA 2004 and those in need of special education, even though they are advancing from grade to grade, and extends to highly mobile students including migrant students, homeless youth and parentally-placed private school students, as appropriate.
In accordance with Chapter 15 of Title 22 of the Pennsylvania Code, Arts and Sciences' ChildFind activities also shall extend to identifying and locating qualified students with disabilities under Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, who may need services or accommodations to enable them to attain educational benefits equal to those of non-disabled peers.
Public Outreach Awareness SystemThe CEO or his/her designee shall ensure that public awareness activities occur with respect to programs and services for students with disabilities who attend Arts and Sciences, and for those who apply for admission.
Arts and Sciences shall publish annually a written notice (attached hereto), accessible to all on the school's public website. Such annual notice will provide a description of Arts and Science child identification activities and special education services and programs, the manner in which to request services and programs, potential signs of developmental delays and other risk factors that could indicate disabilities, and the procedures followed by the school to ensure the confidentiality of information pertaining to students with disabilities pursuant to state and federal law. The annual notice also may be made available through a combination of any of the following: in the school's Handbook, in the main office, through the special education department, through generally accessible print or electronic media as appropriate, and/or Board meeting minutes.
Outreach Activities
Arts and Sciences systematically conduct, and shall continue, outreach efforts concerning the availability of special education services and programs, through a combination of any of the following:
Open Houses;
Back to School Night;
Parent/teacher conferences;
Resources in the school building;
Closely working with the local BSU and outside agencies such as Behavioral Health, Center for Autism and CATCH;
The Philadelphia Alliance of Charter Schools;
Materials mailed home;
Staff attendance at events at area schools; and
Community Outreach Meetings;
Generally accessible print or electronic media as appropriate.
Through these outlets, the CEO or his/her designee shall ensure that the following public awareness activities occur with respect to programs and services for students with disabilities who attend Arts and Sciences:
Offer parents and family (including foster and surrogate parents) information regarding
training activities, and publicize the availability of such various activities to all parents areas such as behavior support, response to intervention, inclusive practices, transition, assistive technology, autism and interagency coordination. Parents also may be directed to PaTTAN training opportunities. Parent input will be sought to determine what parent training is needed or desired.
Provide to interested health and mental health professionals, daycare providers, county
agency personnel and other interested professionals (including professionals and agencies who work with homeless and migrant or other highly mobile youth and wards of the state), as well as students attending private schools (where applicable), information concerning the types of special education programs and services available at Arts andSciences, and information regarding the manner in which parents can request and access those services.
Provide or obtain periodic training for Arts and Sciences' regular education staff and
special education staff concerning the identification and evaluation of, and provision of special education programs and services to students with disabilities.
The public outreach awareness system utilized by Arts and Sciences will include methods
 for reaching homeless students, wards of the state, students with disabilities attending private schools, and highly mobile students, including migrant students.
Arts and Sciences will conduct Child Find activities to inform the public of its special education services and programs and the manner in which to request them.
Arts and Sciences' Child Find effort will include information regarding potential signs of
developmental delays and other risk factors that could indicate disabilities.
Arts and Sciences will identify applicants and enrolled students who have a native
language other than English and will ensure that notices and other outreach efforts are available to them in their native language, as required by law and unless it is clearly and absolutely not feasible to do so.
Screening
The CEO or his/her designee shall establish a system of screening in order to:
Identify and provide screening for students prior to referral for an initial special education
multidisciplinary team evaluation;
Provide peer support for teachers and other staff members to assist them in working effectively with students in the general education curriculum;
Conduct hearing and vision screening in accordance with the Public School Code of 1949 for the purpose of identifying students with hearing or vision difficulty so that they can be referred for assistance or recommended for evaluation for special education if necessary;
Identify students who may need special education services and programs; and
Maintain the confidentiality of information in accordance with applicable state and federal regulations.
Pre-Evaluation Screening
The pre-evaluation screening process shall include:
For students with academic concerns, an assessment of the student's functioning in the
curriculum including curriculum-based or performance-based assessments, and intervention based on the results of the assessments conducted as well as an assessment of the student's response to the intervention, if applicable;
For students with behavioral concerns, a systematic observation of the student's behavior
in the classroom or area in which the student is displaying difficulty ("FBA" or functional behavior assessment), and intervention based on the results of the assessments conducted as well as an assessment of the student's response to the intervention, if applicable;
For students who may be at risk, as identified by their parents, staff or an outside agency,
the Response to Instruction and Intervention ("RtII") process, which is a three-tiered, individualized program utilizing one-on-one and small group instruction as well as customized materials and resources, which may result in the RtII team requesting an a formal evaluation if the student has not made progress in the third tier;
A determination of whether or not the assessed difficulties of the student are the result of
a lack of instruction or limited English proficiency;
A determination of whether or not the student's needs exceed the functional capacity of
Arts and Sciences' regular education program, without special education programs and services, to maintain the student at an instructional level appropriate to the level and pace of instruction provided in that program;
Activities designed to gain the participation of parents; and
Controls to ensure that if screening activities have produced little or no improvement within the normal timeframe after initiation, the student shall be referred for a multidisciplinary team evaluation.
The screening activities shall not serve as a bar to the right of a parent to request a multidisciplinary team evaluation at any time. When the completion of screening activities prior to referral for a multidisciplinary team evaluation will result in serious mental or physical harm, or significant educational regression, to the student or others, Arts and Sciences may initiate a multidisciplinary team evaluation/reevaluation without completion of the screening process in accordance with Chapter 711. Whenever an evaluation is conducted without a pre-evaluation screening, the activities described shall be completed as part of that evaluation whenever possible.
Process for parents to request special education services and programs. 
If a parent would like to request special education services and programs, the parent must write a letter requesting their child to be evaluated for special education services.
Please contact:
Dr. Stacy Phillips 
215-476-6471 ext. 113
sphillips@wpaces.org 
TO THE EXTENT THAT ANYTHING IN THIS POLICY COULD BE CONSTRUED TO
CONFLICT WITH THE SCHOOL’S CHARTER OR APPLICABLE STATE AND/OR
FEDERAL LAWS, THE APPLICABLE STATE AND/OR FEDERAL LAWS AND/OR
CHARTER CONTROL.
Anti-Bullying Policy
The Board of Trustees (“Board”) recognizes the importance of a safe school environment to the education process of West Philadelphia Achievement Elementary Charter School. The Board has determined that a safe and civil environment in school is necessary for students to learn and achieve high academic standards. Bullying, like other disruptive or violent behaviors, is conduct that disrupts both a student's ability to learn and a school's ability to educate its students in a safe environment. Because students learn by example, school administrators, faculty, staff, and volunteers should be commended for demonstrating appropriate behavior, treating others with civility and respect and refusing to tolerate bullying.
Bullying is any gesture or written, verbal, graphic, or physical act (including electronically transmitted acts - i.e. Internet, cell phone, personal digital assistant (PDA), or wireless hand held device) that is reasonably perceived as being motivated either by any actual or perceived characteristic, such as race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression; or a mental, physical, or sensory disability or impairment; or by any other distinguishing characteristic. Such behavior is considered bullying whether it takes place on or off school property, at any school-sponsored function, or in a school vehicle.
"Bullying" is conduct that meets all of the following criteria:
is directed at one or more pupils;
occurs in a school setting;
is severe, persistent or pervasive;
substantially interferes with educational opportunities, benefits, or programs of one or more pupils;
adversely affects the ability of a pupil to participate in or benefit from the school's educational programs or activities by placing the pupil in reasonable fear of physical harm or by causing emotional distress;
is based on a pupil's actual or perceived distinguishing characteristic (see above), or is based on an association with another person who has or is perceived to have any of these characteristics; and
substantially disrupting the orderly operation of the school and “school setting” shall mean in the school, on school grounds, in school vehicles, at a designated bus stop or at any activity sponsored, supervise or sanctioned by the school.
The Board expects students to conduct themselves in a manner in keeping with their levels of development, maturity, and demonstrated capabilities with a proper regard for the rights and welfare of other students, school staff, volunteers, and contractors.
The Board believes that standards for student behavior must be set cooperatively through interaction among the students, parents, and guardians, staff, and community members of the school, producing an atmosphere that encourages students to grow in self-discipline. The development of this atmosphere requires respect for self and others, as well as for school and community property on the part of students, staff, and community members.
Since bystander support of bullying can support these behaviors, the school prohibits both active and passive support for acts of bullying. The staff should encourage students to support students who walk away from these acts when they see them, constructively attempt to stop them or report them to the designated authority.
Consequences and appropriate remedial actions for a student or staff member who commits one or more acts of bullying may range from positive behavioral interventions up to and including suspension or expulsion, in the case of a student, or suspension or termination in the case of an employee, as set forth in the school's approved code of student conduct or employee handbook. 48
Consequences for a student who commits an act of bullying shall be unique to the individual incident and will vary in method and severity according to the nature of the behavior, the developmental age of the student, and the student's history of problem behaviors and performance, and must be consistent with the school's approved code of student conduct. Remedial measures shall be designed to accomplish any of the following: correct the problem behavior; prevent another occurrence of the behavior; and protect the victim of the act. Effective discipline should employ a school-wide approach to adopt a rubric of bullying offenses and the associated consequences.
The Board requires the Chief Executive Officer of the school to be responsible for receiving complaints alleging violations of this policy. All school employees are required to report alleged violations of this policy to the Chief Executive Officer. All other members of the school community, including students, parents, volunteers, and visitors, are encouraged to report any activity that may be a violation of this policy. Reports may be made anonymously, but formal disciplinary action may not be based solely on the basis of an anonymous report.
The Board requires the Chief Executive Officer to be responsible for determining whether an alleged act constitutes a violation of this policy. In so doing, the Chief Executive Officer shall conduct a prompt, thorough, and complete investigation of each alleged incident. The investigation is to be completed within three school days after a report or complaint is made. The Board prohibits reprisal or retaliation against any person who reports an act of bullying. The consequences and appropriate remedial action for a person who engages in reprisal or retaliation shall be determined by the administrator after consideration of the nature, severity, and circumstances of the act.
The Board prohibits any person from falsely accusing another of bullying. The consequences and appropriate remedial action for a person found to have falsely accused another of bullying may range from positive behavioral interventions up to and including suspension or expulsion. Consequences and appropriate remedial action for a school employee found to have falsely accused another of bullying shall be disciplined in accordance with school policies, procedures, and agreements.
The Board requires school officials to annually disseminate the anti-bullying policy to all school staff, students, and parents, along with a statement explaining that it applies to all applicable acts of bullying that occur on school property, at school-sponsored functions, or in a school vehicle.
West Philadelphia Achievement Elementary Charter School will comply with federal, state and local laws relating to bullying.
West Philadelphia Achievement Elementary Charter School will comply with federal, state and local laws regarding the discipline of special education students who engage in an act of bullying.
To the extent that anything in this policy could be construed to conflict with applicable state and/or federal laws, the applicable state and/or federal laws control.
Special Education Services and Programs 
 West Philadelphia Achievement Charter School
The undersigned Charter School located in Philadelphia County ensures that all children with disabilities residing in its boundaries, including children with disabilities, regardless of the severity of their disabilities, and who are in need of special education and related services, are identified, located, and evaluated. This responsibility is required by a federal law called the Individuals with Disabilities Act Amendment of 1997 (IDEA '97).
In accordance with IDEA '97 the undersigned Charter School publishes a notice to parents, in newspapers and makes use of public opportunities on radio and television, before any major identification, location, or evaluation activity. Further, these charter schools notify parents annually of their confidentiality rights. To comply with the requirements of the IDEA '97 and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), the following is the annual public notice for the undersigned Charter School.
This Charter School provides a free and appropriate public education to school age children with disabilities who need special education and related services and are identified as eligible for special education if they need specially designed instruction and have one or more of the following physical or mental disabilities.
Autism/ Pervasive Developmental Disorder
Serious Emotional Disturbance
Neurological impairment
Deafness/ hearing impairment
Specific learning disability
Mental retardation
Multi-handicap
Other health impairment
Physical disability
Speech and language impairment
Blindness/ visual impairment
Screening The Charter School has established and implemented procedures to locate, to identify, and evaluate school age students suspected of being eligible for special education. These procedures employ screening activities which include but are not limited to: review of group- based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, and report cards); hearing screenings (at minimum of kindergarten, first, second, third and seventh grades); vision screenings (every grade level); motor screenings; and speech and language screenings.
Except as indicated above or otherwise announced publicly, screening activities take place on an ongoing basis throughout the school year. Screenings are conducted in the Charter School site unless other arrangements are necessary. If parents need additional information about the purpose, time and location of the screening activities, they should call or write to the Charter School.
Evaluation When screening indicates that a student may be exceptional, the Charter School will seek parental consent to conduct an evaluation. "Evaluation" means procedures used in the determination of whether a child has a disability and the nature and the extent of the special education and related services the child needs. The term means procedures used selectively with an individual child and does not mean basic tests administered to or procedures used with all children.
This evaluation is called a multidisciplinary evaluation (MDE). The MDE is conducted by a multidisciplinary team (MDT), which must include at least a school psychologist, a teacher, and parents. The MDE process will be conducted in accordance with specific timelines and will include protection-in-evaluation procedures. For example, tests and procedures used as part of the multidisciplinary evaluation will not be radically or culturally biased.
The MDE process will result in a written evaluation report called a Comprehensive Evaluation Report (CER). This report makes recommendations about a student's eligibility for special education based on the presence of a disability and the needs for specially designed instruction. Once parental consent for the evaluation is obtained, the undersigned charter schools follow timelines and procedures specified by law.
Parents who think their child is eligible for special education may request, at any time, that the Charter School conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Requests for a multidisciplinary evaluation should be made in writing to the Principal of the School in which the child is enrolled (that is, elementary or upper division). If a parent makes an oral request for a multidisciplinary evaluation, the Charter School Special Education Office will provide the parent with a form for that purpose.
Education Placement The determination of whether a student is eligible for special education is made by an Individualized Education Program (IEP) team. A single test or procedure will not be the sole factor in determining that a child is exceptional. The IEP team will include at least two members in addition to the parent(s). Other members will include at least one regular education teacher of the child (if the child is, or may be, participating in the regular education environment), at least one special education teacher, or where appropriate, at least one special education provider, and a representative of the Charter School. If the student is determined to be exceptional, the IEP team will develop a written education plan called an IEP. The IEP will be based on the results of the multidisciplinary evaluation. The IEP team may decide that a student is not eligible for special education. In that instance, recommendations for education and programming in regular education will be developed from the Comprehensive Evaluation Report.
An IEP describes a student's current education levels, goals, objectives, and the individualized programs and services, which the student will receive. IEP's will be reviewed on an annual basis. The IEP team will make decisions about the type of services, the level of intervention, and the location of the intervention.
Services for Qualified Handicapped Students Students who are not eligible to receive special education programs and services may qualify as handicapped students under federal statutes and regulations intended to prevent discrimination (34 CFR Part 104). The undersigned Charter Schools will ensure that qualified handicapped students have equal opportunity to participate in the Charter program including extra curricular activities to the maximum extent appropriate for each individual student. In compliance with state and federal law, the undersigned Charter Schools will provide to each qualified handicapped student (without discrimination or cost to the student or family), those related aids, services, or accommodations which are needed to provide equal opportunity to participate in and to obtain the benefits of the Charter program and extracurricular activities to the maximum extent appropriate to the student's abilities. In order to be a qualified handicapped student, the child must be of school age with a physical or mental disability which substantially limits or prohibits participation in or access to any aspect of the Charter program.
These services and protections for qualified handicapped students may be distinct from those applicable to eligible or thought-to-be eligible students. The Charter School or the parent may initiate an evaluation if either believes that a specific student is a qualified handicapped student. For further information on the evaluation procedures and provision of services to qualified handicapped students, parents should contact the appropriate Charter School Site Director's Office.
Confidentiality The undersigned Charter School protects the confidentiality of personally identifiable information regarding its eligible, thought to be eligible, and qualified handicapped students (if not protected by IDEA '97) in accordance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) and other applicable federal and state laws, policies and regulations.
"Education records" means those records that are directly related to the student, including computer media and videotape, which are maintained by an educational agency or by a party acting for the agency. "Educational agency", for purposes of this notice, means all of the undersigned Charter Schools. For all students, these Charter Schools maintain education records which include but are not limited to:
Personally identifiable information- confidential information that includes, but is not limited to, the student's name, name of parents and other family members, the address of the student or the student's family, and personal information or personal characteristics which would make the student's identity easily traceable.
Directory information- information contained in an education record of a student which would not generally be considered harmful or an invasion of privacy, if disclosed. It includes, but is not limited to, the student's name, address, telephone number, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in officially recognized activities and sports, weight and height of members athletic teams, dates of attendance, degrees, and awards received, and the most recent previous educational agency or institution attended.
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) affords parents and students over 18 years of age ("eligible students") certain rights with respect to the student's education records. They are:
Parents have the right to inspect and review a child's education record. The Charter School will comply with this request to inspect and to review education records without unnecessary delay and before any meeting regarding an IEP or any due process hearing, but in no case, more than 30 days after the request has been made. Requests should be submitted in writing, to the appropriate Site Director or other designated Charter School officials, indicating the records the parents wish to inspect. Parents will receive a response from the Charter for reasonable requests for explanations and interpretations of the records. Parents may request and receive copies of the records. While the Charter will not charge a fee to search for or to retrieve information, it may charge a copying fee as long as it does not effectively prevent the parents from exercising their right to inspect and review the records. Parents have the right to appoint a representative to inspect and review their child's records. If any education record contains information on more than one child, parents have the right to inspect and to review only the information relating to their child.
If parents believe that information in an education record is inaccurate, misleading, or violates the privacy or other rights of their child, they may request an amendment to the record. Requests should be in writing and must specifically identify the part of the record they want to be changed, and specify why it is inaccurate or misleading. The Charter School will decide whether or not to amend the record and will notify the parents in writing of its decision. If the Charter School refuses to amend the record, it will notify the parents of their right to a hearing to challenge the disputed information. Additional information regarding the hearing procedures will be provided to the parents or eligible student when notified of the right to a hearing. The Charter School will inform parents when personally identifiable information is no longer needed to provide educational services to a child. Such information must be destroyed at the request of the parents. Parents have a right to receive a copy of the material to be destroyed. However, a permanent record of a student's name, address, and telephone number, his or her grades, attendance record, classes attended, grade level completed, and year completed, and year completed may be obtained without time limitation. "Destruction" of records means physical destruction or removal of personal identifiers from information so that the information is no longer personally identifiable The undersigned Charter School will provide upon request, a listing of the types and locations of education records maintained, the Charter officials responsible for these records, and the Charter personnel authorized to see personally identifiable information. Such personnel will receive training and instruction regarding confidentiality. The Charter keeps a record of parties obtaining access to education records, including the name of the party, the date access was given, and the purpose for which the party is authorized to use the records.
Parents have the right to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable Information contained in the student's education records, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes disclosure without consent. "Consent" means the parent(s) have been fully informed regarding the activity requiring consent, in their native language or another mode of communication; they understand and agree in writing to the activity, and they understand and agree in writing to the activity; and they understand that consent is voluntary and may be revoked at any time, information may be disclosed without consent to the Charter officials with legitimate educational interests. A Charter School official is a person employed by the Charter. The School District of Philadelphia (the chartering district), or the intermediate unit as an administrator, supervisor, instructor, or support staff member (including health or medical staff and law enforcement unit personnel); state agency representative, person or company with whom the Charter has been contracted to perform a special task (such as an attorney, auditor, medical consultant, or therapist); or a parent or student serving on an official committee, or assisting another Charter official in performing his or her tasks. A Charter official has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review an educational record in order to fulfill his or her professional responsibility. Director information may be released without parental consent. Parents have the right to refuse to let an agency designate any or all of the above information as directory information. Upon written request, the Charter School will disclose educational records without consent to officials of another Charter School or school district in which a student seeks or intends to enroll.
Parents have the right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by WPACES to comply with the requirements of FERPA. Complaints may be filed with the Family Policy Office, U.S. Department of Education, 400 Maryland Avenue, S.W. Washington D.C. 20202-4605
WELLNESS POLICY
NON DISCRIMINATION STATEMENT
Non-Discrimination Statement In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA.
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g. Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.), should contact the Agency (State or local) where they applied for benefits. Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at 
(800) 877-8339
. Additionally, program information may be made available in languages other than English.
To file a program complaint of discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, (AD-3027) found online at 
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html
, and at any USDA office, or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call 
(866) 632-9992
.
Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: 
(1) mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights 
1400 Independence Avenue, SW Washington, D.C. 20250
-9410; 
(2) fax: 
(202) 690-7442
; or 
(3) email: 
program.intake@usda.gov
. 
You may also complete this form and drop it off at with our Child Nutrition Director or your child’s principal. All written complaints will be accepted by the school, logged in our official Civil Rights complaint log, and forwarded to the United States Department of Agriculture.
Admissions
Parents
Public Notice & Policies
Volunteer Opportunities
Videos
2017-2018 School Uniform
Photo Album
© West Philadelphia Achievement Charter Elementary
6701 Callowhill Street, Philadelphia, PA 19151
Phone: 
(215) 476-6471
Striving for Excellence...
A Place Where All Children Learn
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Staff Directory
Homework
Directions