Woodburn
Arthur Academy    
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
About Us
Principal's Message
Staff Directory
Directions
Board & Leadership
Calendar and Events
School Calendar
Newsletter
Bulletin Board
18-19 School Calendar to download
Parents
School Hours
Dress Code
Lunch
School Forms & Lists
Parking Lot Procedures
Inclement Weather
Immunizations
Volunteer Opportunities
Parents Organization
Application and Enrollment
Arthur Academy Schools
Contact
Login
			Please Create A Marquee			
 Facebook
 Twitter
 RSS
Immunizations
Recently the Oregon legislature enacted Senate Bill 895, a new law about school immunizations for 2015-2016. This new bill makes changes to immunization exemptions so please read this letter carefully for details about the vaccinations your child is required to have in order to attend school.
These changes include:
Any religious exemption signed prior to March 1, 2014 
is no longer valid. Parents are required to turn in documentation of immunization or complete the new process for a non-medical exemption prior to Exclusion Day in February of 2016.
Schools are required to make immunization and exemption rates available for the public at their main offices, on their websites and for parents on paper or electronic format.
If your child has previously had a religious exemption that was signed before March 1, 2014, you have one of the following options:
Have your child vaccinated to meet all immunization requirements – your doctor will complete your child’s immunization record and supply a copy to your child’s school.
If you want a non-medical exemption for your child, complete the new process and turn in two forms:
Certificate of Immunization Status – fill in the dates of any vaccines your child has received, fill out the non-medical exemption section by marking the vaccines for which you want the exemption, and then sign and date the exemption.
Vaccine Education Certificate – you will get this certificate after completing the required education about immunizations from a health care practitioner or from the online vaccine education module. Parents must complete the portions of the module for every vaccine for which they are claiming exemption
. The module can be found online at 
www.healthoregon.org/vaccineexemption.
If you need a medical exemption for your child, get a letter from your child’s physician with the information stated on the Certificate of Immunization Status form. Turn in the letter to your child’s school. Medical exemptions are reviewed and approved by the health department.
Below are our vaccination exemption rates:
Please visit 
www.healthoregon.org/vaccineexemption
 for more information about non-medical exemptions.
School Hours
Dress Code
Lunch
School Forms & Lists
Parking Lot Procedures
Inclement Weather
Volunteer Opportunities
Parents Organization
Immunizations
After-School Club
MarionImmData 2017
WAA 2017-2018 Immunization Rates
Woodburn
Arthur Academy
575 Gatch Street,
Woodburn, OR 97071
Phone: 
503-981-5746
Fax: 503-981-5742 
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Staff
Homework
Directions