Search this site
Navigation
Home
About Us
Academics
Athletics
Board of Trustees
Bullying Prevention
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Enrollment
Family Handbook
FAQ
Guidance Counseling
Learning Commons / Library
Naviance Family Connection
News
School Calendar
School Supplies, Forms and Documents
Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SEPAC)
Students with Disabilities Notice
Substance Use Prevention and Education
Donations
Employment
Contact Information
Parent Information
How to Login to Parent Info Website
Family Association Website
Accepting Applications for Fall 2018
We are accepting K, 6th, and 9th grade enrollment applications for Fall 2018 entry.  We accept 1st-5th grade applications for limited backfill slots. For more information, please see the 
Enrollment
 page for details. You may also call 413-582-7040 or email us at info@pvcics.org.
More...
Upcoming Information Session
General Information Session:
Saturday, April 7, 2018 at 1:00 PM
Location: 317 Russell St. (Rt. 9), Hadley, MA 01035
Webmaster
Send mail to 
webmaster@pvcics.org
 with questions or comments.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School
Equal Opportunity Provider
In accordance with Federal law and United States Department of Agriculture policy,this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis ofrace, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, or disability. (Not allprohibited bases apply to all programs.) To file a complaint ofdiscrimination, write to USDA, Director of 
Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272 (voice). USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.
Home
‎ > ‎  
Guidance Counseling
Welcome toPVCICS’s guidance counseling webpage.  The schoolcounseling department supports the mission of PVCICS by providingservices that promote the development of all students in three domains: academic/technicalachievement,   social/emotional growth, and college andcareer readiness.   The Massachusetts Model for School Counseling, based on theAmerican School Counselor Association National Model, is the template used tocreate a comprehensive school counseling program.  The school counselors work in collaboration andin consultation with teachers, parents, administrators, school staff, andcommunity partners to promote student success.
Thecomprehensive school counseling program is delivered through:
Classroom lessons
Individual student planning sessions
Individual and group counseling sessions
Small group
Workshops for parents and students
The content ofa comprehensive school counselor program includes but is not limited to:
Academic planning 
College planning 
Career awareness, readiness and exploration 
Personal/Social Support, Prevention and Intervention
Counseling services are available to all students and parents to assist in educational, career, and social/personal matters. 
Individual student counseling is provided on a short-term basis. The counselors will furnish referrals for students and families to outside counseling agencies if the need for more lengthy or specialized services should arise. Counselors are
 members of the 
Response to Intervention Team (RTI) and Student Support Team (SST). 
The counselors assist each student in developing and implementing a successful high school and post-secondary plan that meet their individual goals and objectives. Students and parents should feel free to consult with the counselors at any time during the school year. During the year, the counseling department will organize programs and workshops for students and parents/caregivers to assist students in the post-secondary planning and financial aid process.  
The International Baccalaureate and College Admissions
Students and parents are often curious about how colleges view the International Baccalaureate (IB) Programme. The vast majority recognize the rigor of the IB curriculum and that it provides an international standard recognized worldwide.  Each college factors the IB into their admissions decisions differently so be aware that how colleges award credit for IB courses will vary. PVCICS encourages parents and students to research the answers to these questions for each of the colleges of interest and counselors can assist in this process. For additional information on the IB and colleges, please visit the 
IBO website
.
Resources 
This is a working list so check it for any changes! 
            Subpages 
(4):
11th Grade
8th to 9th Grade Transition Materials
Pre-College Summer Programs
Work Permits
Č
Updating...
Ċ
Guide to College Admissions Process.pdf
(1298k)
PVCICS Admin, 
Mar 7, 2016, 9:29 AM
v.2
ď
Ċ
IB_acceptance_rate.pdf
(40k)
PVCICS Admin, 
Mar 5, 2018, 11:27 PM
v.1
ď
Ċ
PVCICS 8th grade parent.student presentation.2.28.18.pdf
(1123k)
PVCICS Admin, 
Mar 5, 2018, 11:26 PM
v.1
ď
Ċ
Program of Studies 2.2018.pdf
(257k)
Maria Paoletti, 
Mar 30, 2018, 3:55 PM
v.1
ď
Sign in
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites