Search this site
Navigation
Home
About Us
Academics
Athletics
Board of Trustees
Bullying Prevention
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Enrollment
Family Handbook
FAQ
Guidance Counseling
Learning Commons / Library
Naviance Family Connection
News
School Calendar
School Supplies, Forms and Documents
Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SEPAC)
Students with Disabilities Notice
Substance Use Prevention and Education
Donations
Employment
Contact Information
Parent Information
How to Login to Parent Info Website
Family Association Website
Accepting Applications for Fall 2018
We are accepting K, 6th, and 9th grade enrollment applications for Fall 2018 entry.  We accept 1st-5th grade applications for limited backfill slots. For more information, please see the 
Enrollment
 page for details. You may also call 413-582-7040 or email us at info@pvcics.org.
More...
Upcoming Information Session
General Information Session:
Saturday, April 7, 2018 at 1:00 PM
Location: 317 Russell St. (Rt. 9), Hadley, MA 01035
Webmaster
Send mail to 
webmaster@pvcics.org
 with questions or comments.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School
Equal Opportunity Provider
In accordance with Federal law and United States Department of Agriculture policy,this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis ofrace, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, or disability. (Not allprohibited bases apply to all programs.) To file a complaint ofdiscrimination, write to USDA, Director of 
Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272 (voice). USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.
Home
‎ > ‎  
Board of Trustees
PVCICS is a public charter school and as such is governed by a Board of Trustees.  Board members are volunteers who serve according to set terms.   
Click on the "bylaws" link
 for the Board of Trustees 
bylaws
.  The Family Handbook contains both the Complaint Procedure and Grievance policy. To contact the Board of Trustees, please email info@pvcics.org .
Board Meetings
The Board of Trustees meets monthly for regular meetings and the schedule is below. 
Board Meetings are open to the public and are held at PVCICS, 317 Russell Street, Hadley, MA 01035 on the first Thursday of the month at 6:00 PM unless otherwise noted.  
A hard copy schedule is posted at the school's main office and 
on the bulletin board in the main lobby.  
Upcoming Meetings:
May 3, 2018
As per Open Meeting Law, this announcement meeting has been posted in the PVCICS office and sent to the Secretary of State’s office, fax: 617-742-4822 and the Executive Office for Administration & Finance, fax: 617-727-2779
Future Meetings:
Note: These are tentative dates and agenda items. 
2017-2018
Unless otherwise noted, the meetings are at 
6:00 PM.
June 7, 2018
Past Meeting Agendas and Minutes:
Agendas for past meetings can be found by 
clicking here
.  
Minutes for past meetings can be found by 
clicking here.
Board Members
Mr. Charles (Nick) Bagley, Chair,
 was founding Treasurer for the PVCICS board.  He 
re-joined the board in 2015.  Mr. Bagley is 
a retired professor and business person, has a Ph.D./M.B.A.in
 quantitative finance from the Price School of the University of Oklahoma, a B.Sc. in physics and philosophy from Sussex University (England), but completely regrets being admitted as a Chartered Managerial Accountant.  He has held several interesting managerial positions in Europe, the Middle East, and the USA, and retired after teaching financial engineering for 13 years at the Isenberg School of Management at UMass.
Mr. Scott Livingstone
 joined the board in 2015.
As Chief of Police for the Town of Amherst since 2009 and having served on the Amherst Police Department for over thirty years, Mr. Livingstone has extensive experience on federal, state, and local levels addressing public safety matters, community relations, and overall government and administrative issues. Having graduated with a Bachelor of Science with Honors in Law Enforcement, Mr.Livingstone continued his education by taking part in several professional trainings including the FBI National Academy as part of the United States Department of Justice. Mr. Livingstone is a parent of three PVCICS students. 
Ms. Paula Quinn, 
Vice-Chair
,
 joined the board in 2015
. 
As founder and principal of Quinn Evaluation Consulting, she evaluates education-related programs at federal, state, and local levels. These programs focus on the areas of STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math), literacy, student life, project-based learning, learning communities, and teacher professional development, and they involve educators, administrators, and students from pre-K through higher education institutions. She earned an M.A. in Developmental Psychology from Clark University and a B.A. in Psychology from Case Western Reserve University.  
Mr. Dan O’Shea
, joined the board in 2015. Mr. O'Shea is a Chief Engineer of software development at Textron Systems Corporation. Prior to working at Textron, he worked for a variety of technology companies throughout Massachusetts. He is a graduate of UMass Amherst where he majored in Computer Systems Engineering. He
 lives with his wife and two children, who are students attending PVCICS.
Mr. Andrew Charlton
, faculty representative, joined the board in 2017. 
Andy
 is in his third year full time teaching 4th grade at PVCICS. He moved to the Pioneer Valley to go to Marlboro College's graduate program in Teaching for Social Justice which he sought out because he knew he would be able to intern at PVCICS as part of his practicum. This was a dream come true since he wanted to come home from 3 years in China, but still be immersed in Mandarin. Aside from teaching 4th grade, he is also the head ultimate frisbee coach for the middle and high school teams: Stampede. In his free time, he likes to play disc golf, write songs, play board games and learn about the world in all its facets.
Mrs. Elizabeth "Betty" Larivee, 
Secretary, 
joined the board in 2016.  She is a retired educator with over 35 years of public school experience as a teacher and administrator in both regular education and special education.  She also taught for several years at Westfield State University.  During her career, she was an active community volunteer and served on several civic and educational Boards.  In addition to PVCICS, she is currently a Regional Director with Quota International (service organization) and an officer with a local Disability Commission.  She holds a Master's Degree in Learning Disabilities and Advanced Degrees in Educational Administration.
Ms. Anabelle Mandel
, high school student representative, joined the board in 2017. Ms. Mandel  is 
a 10th grader at PVCICS. She was born in Nevada and lived there until she moved to Massachusetts in the summer before 9th grade. Ms. Mandel joined PVCICS in the fall of 2016 and is excited to learn Chinese, hoping to one day travel to China. She plays classical guitar and also enjoys friendly competitions surrounding sports and brainteasers.
Mr. Roland Mandler
, Treasurer
 joined the board in 2017.  
Mr. 
Mandler retired to the Pioneer Valley in 2015, after 35 years developing sonar systems  for the US Navy and managing a group of 40 engineers for BBN Technologies. Since retirement, he has coached Lego Robotics, first at the Hadley Elementary School and most recently at PVCICS. 
Roland
 is an active member of the New England Cichlid Association and is working to establish a captive breeding program at PVCICS for tropical fish that are endangered or extinct in the wild. Mr. Mandler is a parent of one child at PVCICS.
Mr. Peter Wood
 joined the board in 2017.  
Mr. Wood
 is a psychotherapist working in collaboration with a multidisciplinary team of health care professionals in Amherst.  He has worked throughout the continuum of behavioral health care since 1990, providing opportunities for understanding and facilitating personal and organizational change as a therapist, an educator at Westfield State University, and as Director of behavioral health services at Cooley Dickinson Hospital and CSO.  Mr. Wood 
has been an active part of the PVCICS community since his sons started in 1st and 6th grades.  He founded and coaches our first sports team, Ultimate Frisbee, supervises Ping Pong club and shows up in any way he can to help make PVCICS a great place to learn.
Ms. Carol Young
 joined the board in 2016. Ms. Young is self-employed and has worked in the music business for over 25 years in artist management and event production. She holds a B.A. in Legal Studies and also an M.Ed. from the University of Massachusetts/Amherst. Ms. Young has been actively involved in the PVCICS community for many years including serving as co-chair of the PVCICS Family Association, representative on the PVCICS Parent Advisory Committee, and a community member of the Trusteeship Committee for the PVCICS Board of Trustees. She and her husband are the parents of a daughter at PVCICS. 
Sign in
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites