Search this site
Navigation
Home
About Us
Academics
Athletics
Board of Trustees
Bullying Prevention
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Enrollment
Family Handbook
FAQ
Guidance Counseling
Learning Commons / Library
Naviance Family Connection
News
School Calendar
School Supplies, Forms and Documents
Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SEPAC)
Students with Disabilities Notice
Substance Use Prevention and Education
Donations
Employment
Contact Information
Parent Information
How to Login to Parent Info Website
Family Association Website
Accepting Applications for Fall 2018
We are accepting K, 6th, and 9th grade enrollment applications for Fall 2018 entry.  We accept 1st-5th grade applications for limited backfill slots. For more information, please see the 
Enrollment
 page for details. You may also call 413-582-7040 or email us at info@pvcics.org.
More...
Upcoming Information Session
General Information Session:
Saturday, April 7, 2018 at 1:00 PM
Location: 317 Russell St. (Rt. 9), Hadley, MA 01035
Webmaster
Send mail to 
webmaster@pvcics.org
 with questions or comments.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School
Equal Opportunity Provider
In accordance with Federal law and United States Department of Agriculture policy,this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis ofrace, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, or disability. (Not allprohibited bases apply to all programs.) To file a complaint ofdiscrimination, write to USDA, Director of 
Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272 (voice). USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.
Home
‎ > ‎  
High School
“Linguistically and culturally effective communication is essential...it is imperative that tomorrow’s graduates communicate clearly and effectively in a variety of languages.”  
- Preparing 21st Century Students for a Global Society, National Education Association.
An International Education
PVCICS is an International Baccalaureate (IB) World School offering the IB 
Diploma Programme. PVCICS's high school 
program provides students with an 
internationally focused education where every student learns two languages and develops skills to prepare them for today’s global economy.  
Rigorous Academics
The high school program is an academically challenging college preparatory program. The 9th and 10th grade program prepares students for the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Programme.  
PVCICS offers an "International Baccalaureate for All" program where all students take IB courses.
English and Mandarin Chinese 
High school core subjects, English 
Literature, Mathematics, Science and 
History are taught in English.  In addition, all students are required to take Mandarin Chinese every day all year. This partial immersion program gives students the required time to develop high proficiency in English and Mandarin Chinese.
International Baccalaureate 
Diploma Programme for All
All students participate in the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Programme in 11th and 12th grades. During these two years, all students take six subjects and 
typically these are English Literature, Mandarin Chinese, Science, Mathematics, History and Arts. 
In addition, students complete three core requirements designed to challenge and to broaden the educational experience: 
• The Extended Essay (4,000 words) 
requiring independent research related to a subject of their choice.
• The Theory of Knowledge (ToK) course which encompasses critically examining 
different ways of knowing –  perception, emotion, language and reason. 
• The Creativity, Action, Service (CAS) 
component which requires students to engage in creative, action-oriented community service activities in local and international projects. Students are expected to be involved in CAS activities throughout 
the two years of the program. 
CAS is organized around the three strands of Creativity, Action and Service defined as follows:
Creativity:  exploring original thinking and expression in ways that come from the student’s talents, interests, passions, emotional responses, and imagination.  This may include visual and performing arts, crafts, composition, digital design, writing, film, and culinary arts.
Action: any physical exertion contributing to a healthy lifestyle. This may include: 
1)
    any on-going activity within or outside of school such as being on a sports team or club, participation in a dance class or aerobics class 
2)
    school based teams or rec teams that meet within the school day or after school 
3)
    participation in a community event like a 5K for a certain cause 
4)
    Individual activity such as attending a gym, running or biking, swimming or strength training.
Service:  collaborative and reciprocal engagement with the community in response to an authentic need.  The four types of service are:
1)
    Direct service where the student interaction involves people, the environment or animals.  Examples can be peer tutoring, developing a garden, working in an animal shelter.
2)
    Indirect service where they student does not see the recipients of the service such as designing a web site for a non-profit, or maintaining an activity or college bulletin board at school.
3)
    Advocacy is when students speak on behalf of a cause to promote action. This may appear as initiating an awareness campaign on hunger, performing a play on bullying prevention to younger students, working with the GSA on Day of Silence.
4)
    Research is when the students collect information through varied sources, analyze data, and report on a topic to influence policy or practice.
Recognized by Colleges Worldwide
Upon successful completion of PVCICS’s high school program, students will receive a 
Massachusetts high school diploma. If they’ve passed the required IB exams 
during their senior year, they will receive an IB diploma, which is recognized by colleges worldwide.  
Sign in
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites