Search this site
Navigation
Home
About Us
Academics
Athletics
Board of Trustees
Bullying Prevention
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Enrollment
Family Handbook
FAQ
Guidance Counseling
Learning Commons / Library
Naviance Family Connection
News
School Calendar
School Supplies, Forms and Documents
Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SEPAC)
Students with Disabilities Notice
Substance Use Prevention and Education
Donations
Employment
Contact Information
Parent Information
How to Login to Parent Info Website
Family Association Website
Accepting Applications for Fall 2018
We are accepting K, 6th, and 9th grade enrollment applications for Fall 2018 entry.  We accept 1st-5th grade applications for limited backfill slots. For more information, please see the 
Enrollment
 page for details. You may also call 413-582-7040 or email us at info@pvcics.org.
More...
Upcoming Information Session
General Information Session:
Saturday, April 7, 2018 at 1:00 PM
Location: 317 Russell St. (Rt. 9), Hadley, MA 01035
Webmaster
Send mail to 
webmaster@pvcics.org
 with questions or comments.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School
Equal Opportunity Provider
In accordance with Federal law and United States Department of Agriculture policy,this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis ofrace, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, or disability. (Not allprohibited bases apply to all programs.) To file a complaint ofdiscrimination, write to USDA, Director of 
Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272 (voice). USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.
Employment
Thank you for your interest in working at our school. We are growing and are seeking applications for the following positions. 
Please see 
SchoolSpring.com for detailed descriptions of the following jobs: 
After-school staff.
Chinese Immersion Teachers.
Substitute Teachers with native English or Chinese proficiency
. 
To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to info@pvcics.org . PVCICS is an equal opportunity employer and provider. 
Sign in
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites