DETROIT LEADERSHIP ACADEMY
Where СHAMPIONS are MADE!
MAIN
ABOUT US
Budget
Food Services
NEWS
EVENTS
ACADEMICS
Great Start Readiness Program
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
STUDENTS
PARENTS
STAFF
CONTACT
    Academics    
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
Detroit Leadership Academy Elementary School is a Pre - K through 5th Grade Facility that instructs over 300 students. Located in the Castle Rouge Area of Detroit. we serve students from that specific area as well as Brightmoor and Cody Rouge.  In conjunction with local partners, the long term vision of the school is to serve as both a school and community support to both students and their families. Providing a community school, closer in proximity to many families than that of the local school district, provides families with a greater chance of consistent attendance and therefore achievement for students.
Now in our sixth year of operation, we have created tremendous partnerships with organizations such as the Skillman Foundation, Gleaners, Forgotten Harvest, Kumon/Wellsprings, Detroit Area Pre - College Engineering Program, Students with Awareness Goals (SWAG), Department of Health and Human Services, as well as the YMCA just to name a few. 
Our school mission is to provide a stimulating and supportive environment in which a diverse student population can learn, grow and lead. This mission is fulfilled through the implementation of the CHAMPION Mindset which has five core areas:
Courage 
Compassion
Commitment
Conviction
Connection 
MIDDLE SCHOOL
Detroit Leadership Academy Middle School serves students in 6th-8th grade from Brightmoor and Cody Rouge.  In conjunction with local partners, the long term vision of the school is to serve as both a school and community support to both students and their families. Providing a community school, closer in proximity to many families than that of the local school district, provides families with a greater chance of consistent attendance and therefore achievement for students.
The Academy believes all students can achieve at the highestlevels when provided with: a proven, research based instructional program;challenging and aligned standards; opportunities to build ownership; a focus onpreparing students for high-level writing; and effective intervention. 
 The Academy embeds a tailored combination ofproven, research-based practices from the work of John Hattie’s VisibleLearning, the “Framework for Effective Instruction” (“FEI”), and “VisibleThinking” as its instructional program. The Academy’s instructional program isabout what adults do to impact learning and student success. 
1.
Student self-assessment/Self-grading:
 This refers to students’ expectations for and beliefs inthemselves. It involves students predicting or self-reporting grades. In theupper grades, the Academy provides opportunities for students to set goals,track progress and reflect on performance to find out what students’expectations are and push learners to exceed expectations. 
2.
Response to Intervention (“RTI”):
 An educational approach that provides timely and systematicsupport to students who are struggling in one or more areas of learning. RTIseeks to improve academic outcomes through early intervention and frequentprogress monitoring. 
3.
Teacher Credibility
: TheAcademy’s educational program works to develop teacher credibility; teachersmust be viewed as being able to make a difference in the students’ lives and instudent learning. The Academy works with teachers on four key areas of teachercredibility: trust, competence, dynamism and immediacy. 
4.
Classroom Discussions:
 Powerfullearning occurs through conversation. The Academy believes when the teacherstops lecturing and students get together to discuss important issues andconcepts, ideas flow, thoughts gel and learning happens. Classroom discussionprovides opportunities to develop strong communication skills by encouragingstudents to voice opinions and thoughts. 
5.
Teacher Clarity:
 Academyteachers clearly communicate intentions for learning, assessment and behavior.Teachers are held accountable for articulating clear, daily learning targetsdescribing the skills and knowledge students need to learn and demonstrate. 
6.
Spaced vs. Mass Practice:
 Greatinstruction provides multiple exposure points for students to demonstrateunderstanding. The Academy works to develop instructional plans, programs andschedules that increase the frequency of different opportunities for studentsto demonstrate knowledge over time. 
7.
Positive and Effective Classroom Culture:
 The Academy employs a set of classroom management processes thatinclude improving student engagement and decreasing disruptive behavior. TheAcademy embeds positive behavior supports and expectations within and acrossclassrooms focusing on: building relationships, teaching collaboration andusing language to create safe, productive and rigorous classroomenvironments.
HIGH SCHOOL
Detroit Leadership Academy's academic program is rooted in building positive and culturally responsiverelationships. DLA believes in integrating positive youth development strategies into all aspects of DLA's culture to impact student achievement and build ownership. Effective youth development calls for a redundancy of opportunities and supports for every student, every year. This means more thana variety of random opportunities but rather the intentional efforts to ensurethat all students have multiple “hits” or “touch points” over time and multiple opportunities to practice and demonstrate learning. 
Detroit Leadership Academy understands these multiple opportunities are both strategic and organic and are created because of effective relationships within the Academy culture. To foster such relationships, the DLA creates and sustains a school culturethat includes the following structures and elements:
1.
Academy wide gatherings, celebrations andnorms
2.
Meaningful opportunities for parents and families to engage in the DLA community
3.
A commitment by faculty and staff to learning and responding to personal and group identities and cultures of students
4.
Professional Learning Communities (“PLCs”) for faculty and staff.
5.
Integration of community participation, assets and culture
6.
Access to wrap-around support services that help students stay healthy and come to school every day
Assessment
Detroit Leadership Academy focuseson embedding a balanced assessment system that effectively prepares studentsfor all demonstrations of knowledge and skills, whether on standardized, highstakes state/national assessments or on authentic assessments. The purpose ofassessments is to provide feedback to teachers about student learning; in otherwords, did students learn what teachers intended to teach? DLA utilizes thefollowing assessment tools/practices:
1.
Performance tasks
 that allow students todemonstrate understanding of MAS and College Readiness Standards. These tasksare modeled on performances students would be expected to complete while incollege including: research papers, lab reports, multimedia presentations,close readings, Socratic seminars and infographics.
2.
Interim Assessments
: Students at the Academy takealigned interim assessments designed to provide data on students’ learning ofMAS and College Readiness Standards. Data from these assessments are used tocreate targeted instructional plans that align with each content area’scurriculum scope and sequence. 
3.
Continuous/Formative Assessments
: Continuous assessment iscritical in providing feedback to teachers on instructional effectiveness andto measure students’ understanding of the teaching points. Formativeassessments also allow students multiple opportunities to demonstrate learningand for teachers to “check for understanding” of student learning. 
4.
National Normed Assessments
: Students at the Academy takethe PSAT and SAT tests. 
Elementary school
Middle school
High school
USEFUL DOCUMENTS
DLA Elementary Annual Education Report
DLA Middle/High Annual Education Report
DLA HS Graduation Requirements
DLA Curriculum Documents
USEFUL LINKS
The College Board
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
Enroll today
We are now accepting applications for the 2017-2018 school year! Click below to begin enrollment!
ENROLLMENT APPLICATION
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
        Pre-K through 5th Grade 13550 Virgil St., Detroit MI 48223 
313-242-1500    
MIDDLE HIGH SCHOOL
        6th Grade to 12th Grade 5845 Auburn St., Detroit MI 48228
313-769-2015    
© Detroit Leadership Academy. All rights reserved.    