Skip to main content
#STHOPEwearethefuture
Select Language
French
Spanish
Login
Email
: 
Password
: 
Create Account
or Create Account
St HOPE Leadership Academy Charter School
Site Navigation
Home
About Us
Welcome
Career Opportunities
Staff / Faculty Directory
Faculty Handbook
Board of Directors
Photo Albums
Email Lists
Directions
Charter
Financials
Annual Report
Contact Us
Academics
Core Curriculum
Contact a Teacher
Support Services
Results
Admissions
Student Application
Request Info
Student Life
Uniform Information
Clubs & Activities
Athletics
Event Photos
Meal Application
Student Handbook
ALUMNI
												Alumni									
																						Home																			
Staff
														Tuesday, April 24, 2018 11:05 AM
Subject: St HOPE HARLEM Scholarship Winners
Good morning everyone,
We had six finalists for the St HOPE HARLEM Scholarship, worth $10,000.  Each finalist demonstrated academic excellence, community involvement, and devotion to serving others, making them noteworthy candidates.  The average finalist has a GPA of 3.6 and applied to 11 colleges, on top of having part-time jobs, extracurricular activities, and family obligations.  They truly embody our HARLEM values!
After intense deliberation, St HOPE Leadership Academy is pleased to announce that we have four scholarship winners:
• Lord Crawford commutes on public transportation from his home in Harlem to Brooklyn Technical High School, where he has a 4.0 GPA.  He serves as Membership Chair of the National Society of Black Engineers, interns as an Engineering Aide with Con Edison, and volunteers at the Children’s Floating Hospital.  Lord will be the first in his family to attend college and was recently accepted to Columbia University.
• Salimata Konate attends University Heights High School and has spent a significant amount of time supporting doctoral research assistants in City College’s Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, beyond the scope of her SEED Fellowship.  In addition to her fellowship, Sali is an active member of her school’s Chemistry Club and also has a part-time job.  The first in her family to attend college, Sali’s dream school is SUNY Binghamton and she wants to become a biomedical engineer.    
• Mariama Sillah attends the High School for Environmental Studies.  She is an active leader both inside and outside of the classroom, successfully balancing Advanced Placement classes, serving as a youth health promoter at Planned Parenthood, and having to care for her younger siblings.  Mariama has demonstrated an enormous amount of grit to overcome the many obstacles she has faced and is passionate about becoming a medical dermatologist to find a cure for eczema.  Recently accepted to her top choice of Spelman College, Mariama will be the first in her family to attend college. 
• Jean Miguel Taveras came to St HOPE in the 8th grade, emigrating from the Dominican Republic.  He has shown an enormous amount of Absolute Determination carrying a rigorous course load throughout his high school career at Democracy Prep High School, including AP Calculus and AP Computer Science.  He speaks three languages (English, Spanish, and Korean) and has a cumulative GPA of 3.89.  His dream school is Dartmouth where he hopes to major in Computer Science, and Jean Miguel will be the first in his family to attend college.
We are also pleased to announce that we will be awarding $500 Book Awards to two scholarship finalists:
• Fatou Diop attends Urban Assembly School of Business for Young Women.  Currently enrolled in two AP classes, she loves to challenge herself academically and operates with the mindset that her education is something that cannot be taken from her.  Fatou is passionate about social justice and has worked closely with her Principal to improve her school’s student culture, encouraging others in her community to find their voices.  Her top two college choices are SUNY Binghamton and Syracuse University, and Fatou will be the first in her family to attend college.
• Mohamed Kone attends The Facing History School. He credits St HOPE with developing his leadership skills since he won the MVP award for basketball in 8th grade.  He then went on to create a leadership/anti-bullying group as his high school comprised of Honor Roll students like himself, and has been a role model to students in his Harlem Children’s Zone college prep programs.  His top choice college is Central Connecticut State University.  Emigrating from the Ivory Coast, Mohamed will not only be the first in his family to attend college but he will be the first in his family to graduate from high school.         
Thank you all so much for everything you do!  Every single finalist spoke highly of St HOPE and they truly appreciate your dedication to the students you serve.  Please watch the attached video of Mariama talking to me on the phone (and finding out she won the scholarship).  Her face at the 21 seconds in is priceless.
Tuesday, March 06, 2018 
High school sophomores, juniors, and seniors are invited to the NACAC National College Fair!  Free and open to the public, the fair offers a variety of opportunities to help students simplify the college search and admission process.  
The College Fair will be held on Sunday, April 22, from 11:00AM - 4:00pm at the Jacob Javits Convention Center.  Admission reps from hundreds of colleges and universities will be available to speak one-on-one with you about all aspects of the college admission process, including paying for college, admission requirements, activities on campus, and more.  This link lists the participating colleges:  Click this link
The fairs also offer access to gap and pre-college summer programming.  Students and parents who want to learn more about an experiential gap time from academic studies to deepen practical, professional, and personal awareness can now do so at the fair.
Online registration is strongly encouraged (and it's free!) by clicking http://www.nacacfairs.org/ncfstudentregistration
If you have any questions about the NACAC National College Fair, please don't hesitate to contact me at mgoulbourne@sthopeharlem.org. 
Thanks!
Monday, January 22, 2018 
Dear St HOPE alumni,
I would like to take this opportunity to introduce myself.  My name is Mrs. Goulbourne, and I’m very excited to join St HOPE Leadership Academy as the Alumni Relations Manager!  My goal is to maintain and enhance long-lasting connections between alumni like yourself and the St HOPE community, and also to be a resource for you.  Whether you have questions about college readiness, internships, career opportunities, or anything else, I’m here to help!
The St HOPE HARLEM scholarship awards three $10,000 scholarships each year to alumni who are graduating from high school and attending college.  The scholarship disburses $2,500 annually over the course of a four-year college education (contingent upon the recipient maintaining good academic standing).  The purpose of this scholarship is to encourage and enable St HOPE alumni to pursue their goals of graduating from college, and is open to students enrolling in an accredited community college, two-year college/university, or four-year college/university. 
The scholarship application deadline is Thursday, February 15, 2018.  Please contact Mrs. Goulbourne at mgoulbourne@sthopeharlem.org with any questions or concerns.
			Files:
St HOPE HARLEM Scholarship Application.docx
				222 West 134th Street
				New York, NY 10030
				Phone: (212) 283-1204
				Fax: (212) 283-1207			
© St Hope Leadership
Academy Charter School
info@sthopeharlem.org
			Follow Us			
Like us on Facebook!
Instagram!!
powered by Educational Networks
Original text
Contribute a better translation