Parent Teacher Organization
Parent Academy
PowerSchool Parent Portal
Uniforms
Supply List
Title 1
School Forms
Transportation
PARENTS
Portal
TEACHERS
Menu
ABOUT
President’s Welcome
Principal’s Message
Mission / Vision
Board
Annual Documents
Safety Plan
Staff Contact
ADMISSIONS
Welcome to Admissions
Application
Lottery Results
Registration Information
FAQ
ACADEMICS
Subjects
Grading Policy
Homework
One to One Laptop Program
Writing Revolution
Social Emotional Learning
Summer Packets
Supply List
CAMPUS LIFE
Meal Menus
Bell Schedule
Student Handbook
Code of Conduct
Clubs
Athletics
Dress Code
PowerSchool Student Portal
NEWS & CALENDAR
Newsletter
Calendar
DONATE
Thanks to a generous grant from 
Northfield Bank, New World Prep was able to begin its three-year implementation of their One-to–One Laptop Program. Beginning with the Class of 2020, every New World Prep Scholar will receive a ChromeBook Laptop. Scholars will also be given a hotspot. The laptop will be an additional instructional tool for students to use both in the classroom and at home. By the academic school year 2019 -20 all New World Prep Scholars will have their own laptops. When Scholars graduate they will be able to take the laptops with them to their High School.
This Northfield Bank Grant allows for a greater use of the instructional approach called blended learning. The laptops will be utilized in a blended learning classroom environment as well as for research, assessment, on-line resources and differentiated instructional materials, as well as for improving teacher-to-student and student-to-student communication. Blended learning is a student-centered approach that provides a learning experience whereby the learner interacts with other students, with the instructor, and with content through thoughtful integration of online and face-to-face environments.
New World Prep is grateful to 
Northfield Bank for this generous grant.
New World Preparatory Charter School
26 Sharpe Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10302
Phone: 718-705-8990
Fax: 718-422-1583
Site: newworldprep.org
Email				
					Email				
Facebook				
					Facebook				
© 2017 New World Preparatory Charter School. All Rights Reserved. Site Managed by 
edIT
.
Menu