Parent Teacher Organization
Parent Academy
PowerSchool Parent Portal
Uniforms
Supply List
Title 1
School Forms
Transportation
PARENTS
Portal
TEACHERS
Menu
ABOUT
President’s Welcome
Principal’s Message
Mission / Vision
Board
Annual Documents
Safety Plan
Staff Contact
ADMISSIONS
Welcome to Admissions
Application
Lottery Results
Registration Information
FAQ
ACADEMICS
Subjects
Grading Policy
Homework
One to One Laptop Program
Writing Revolution
Social Emotional Learning
Summer Packets
Supply List
CAMPUS LIFE
Meal Menus
Bell Schedule
Student Handbook
Code of Conduct
Clubs
Athletics
Dress Code
PowerSchool Student Portal
NEWS & CALENDAR
Newsletter
Calendar
DONATE
Writing Revolution
At New World Prep incorporates the Writing Revolution across the curriculum.
As the Writing Revolution website explains:
“The Writing RevolutionTM gives teachers a proven, cost-effective and evidence-based instructional methodology, the Hochman Method. This system enables students to master the skills that are essential if they are to become competent writers.  In turn, those skills equip students to become better readers, to communicate more effectively in writing and speaking, and most importantly, to elevate their thinking.
Through the Hochman Method, teachers and instructional leaders learn to use specific writing strategies in all subjects, including ELA, social studies, science, foreign languages and math, and in every grade. The basic components of the program are:
Sentence strategies to build complexity and clarity
Outlines to develop well-structured summaries, paragraphs, expository and argumentative essays, and research papers
Revisions to enhance unity and coherenceAs students learn how to use these tools, their writing improves together with their ability to think analytically. Students begin to use writing and classroom discussion to review concepts they’ve learned, construct new knowledge, and generate new networks of understanding. The skills students acquire as a result of the Hochman Method are exactly the ones they need to meet the demanding new standards of the Common Core. The Common Core provides a set of goals, but not a map showing teachers how to get there. The Hochman Method is that map.”  For more information regarding this program we can go to:
Through the Hochman Method, teachers and instructional leaders learn to use specific writing strategies in all subjects, including ELA, social studies, science, foreign languages and math, and in every grade. The basic components of the program are:
“The Writing RevolutionTM gives teachers a proven, cost-effective and evidence-based instructional methodology, the Hochman Method. This system enables students to master the skills that are essential if they are to become competent writers.  In turn, those skills equip students to become better readers, to communicate more effectively in writing and speaking, and most importantly, to elevate their thinking.
As the Writing Revolution website explains (http://www.thewritingrevolution.org)
At New World Prep incorporates the Writing Revolution across the curriculum.
Sentence strategies to build complexity and clarity
Outlines to develop well-structured summaries, paragraphs, expository and argumentative essays, and research papers
Revisions to enhance unity and coherence. As students learn how to use these tools, their writing improves together with their ability to think analytically. Students begin to use writing and classroom discussion to review concepts they’ve learned, construct new knowledge, and generate new networks of understanding.The skills students acquire as a result of the Hochman Method are exactly the ones they need to meet the demanding new standards of the Common Core. The Common Core provides a set of goals, but not a map showing teachers how to get there. The Hochman Method is that map.”  For more information regarding this program we can go to: 
http://www.thewritingrevolution.org
New World Preparatory Charter School
26 Sharpe Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10302
Phone: 718-705-8990
Fax: 718-422-1583
Site: newworldprep.org
Email				
					Email				
Facebook				
					Facebook				
© 2017 New World Preparatory Charter School. All Rights Reserved. Site Managed by 
edIT
.
Menu