Parent Teacher Organization
Parent Academy
PowerSchool Parent Portal
Uniforms
Supply List
Title 1
School Forms
Transportation
PARENTS
Portal
TEACHERS
Menu
ABOUT
President’s Welcome
Principal’s Message
Mission / Vision
Board
Annual Documents
Safety Plan
Staff Contact
ADMISSIONS
Welcome to Admissions
Application
Lottery Results
Registration Information
FAQ
ACADEMICS
Subjects
Grading Policy
Homework
One to One Laptop Program
Writing Revolution
Social Emotional Learning
Summer Packets
Supply List
CAMPUS LIFE
Meal Menus
Bell Schedule
Student Handbook
Code of Conduct
Clubs
Athletics
Dress Code
PowerSchool Student Portal
NEWS & CALENDAR
Newsletter
Calendar
DONATE
Uniforms
All students at NWP will wear uniforms.  School uniforms must be purchased from 
Kids Place
, located at 1541 Forest Avenue, Unit #16. NWP has a dress code to establish a neat appearance and avoid disruptions in the school environment. The uniform also establishes a sense of community, professionalism, and team spirit. To belong to NWP is to identify you as a hard working, motivated individual willing to work harder to achieve your dreams.
Dress for Success
Consequences for Violation
Dress for Success
All NWP Uniform items, except for bottoms, MUST be purchased at Kids Place.  Each day the students are expected to dress according to the following standards:
Uniform Polo: Short or long sleeve polo shirt with the school logo.
Uniform Sweatshirt: Green half-zip sweatshirt with the school logo.
Oxford Shirt: White oxford shirt with green NWP tie.
Uniform V-Neck: Green V-neck sweater with school logo with a white oxford shirt underneath.
Sweatpants/Shorts (GYM DAYS ONLY): Green sweatpants or shorts with NWP logo.
Sweatshirt/T-Shirt (GYM DAYS ONLY): Green sweatshirt or t-shirt with NWP logo.
Black, white, or brown athletic footwear, boots or dress shoes.
Uniform Bottoms: Khaki colored pants, shorts, or skirts.Pants for both male and female students must be secure around the waist. NO SAGGING!
Students are NOT permitted to wear:
Jackets, hooded sweatshirts, or any shirt that does not have a NWP logo inside the school building. (Winter Jackets for extreme cold weather are the only exception.)
Clothing that is oversized or does not fit appropriately.
Hats, hoods, do-rags, or other head coverings. (Appropriate parental documentation is required when head coverings are worn for religious purposes.)
NOTE: Any head wear confiscated will only be returned to a parent/guardian.
Clothing with unsuitable slogans or sayings (at the discretion of school administration.)
Clothing that can be classified as unsafe or gang related (e.g. bandanas, beads, etc. at the discretion of the school administration.)
Excessive or inappropriate display of jewelry (at the discretion of the school administration.)
Sandals or open toe shoes.
Consequences for Violation
Infractions will be routed to the Advisory Teacher, who will then follow through with the appropriate discipline actions. The following policy applies to the entire year:
First Violation
Uniform violation brought home and signed by parent and returned to Advisory Teacher.
Advisory Teacher phones parent and a solution is discussed.
Second Violation
Uniform violation brought home and signed by parent and returned to Advisory Teacher.
Advisory Teacher holds conference with student and phones parent explaining why student has received violation and warns that next violation will lead to a referral.
Third Violation
Uniform violation brought home and signed by parent and returned to Advisory Teacher.
Advisory Teacher writes a referral to the Dean of Students and attaches the three Uniform violations.
Dean assigns morning, lunch, or after school detention and signs Uniform Contract with student and parent. The Uniform Contract warns that upon the next uniform violation a parent conference will be held and the student will lose school privileges (extracurricular activities, including dances).
Citizenship grade lowered to a 2 in Advisory Class.
Fourth Violation
Uniform violation brought home and signed by parent and returned to Advisory Teacher.
Advisory Teacher writes a referral to the Dean with the uniform violation attached.
Student will not be allowed to participate in extra-curricular activities for one quarter, or the equivalent amount of time.
Citizenship grade lowered to a 1 in Advisory.
Fifth Violation
Uniform violation brought home and signed by parent and returned to Advisory Teacher.
Advisory Teacher writes a referral to the Dean with the uniform violation attached.
Student is assigned In-school placement for defiance, and a parent conference is held.
Student will not be allowed to participate in extra-curricular activities for one quarter, or the equivalent amount of time.
Citizenship grade lowered to a 1 in Advisory.
Sixth Violation (and thereafter)
Uniform violation brought home and signed by parent and returned to Advisory Teacher.
Student will not be allowed to participate in extra-curricular activities for one quarter, or the equivalent amount of time Citizenship grade lowered to a 1 in Advisory.
Student suspended from school and warned that continued violations are grounds for dismissal.
New World Preparatory Charter School
26 Sharpe Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10302
Phone: 718-705-8990
Fax: 718-422-1583
Site: newworldprep.org
Email				
					Email				
Facebook				
					Facebook				
© 2017 New World Preparatory Charter School. All Rights Reserved. Site Managed by 
edIT
.
Menu