Two Dimensions Preparatory Academy
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
Our District
Message from the Director
School History
Mission and Vision
Board of Directors
District Reporting
Photo Album
Staff Directory
Directions
Links
Video Gallery
Admissions
Enrollment Process
Admission Requirement
Lottery Information
Lottery Application
Parents
Academic Calendar
Attendance Policy
Dress Code
School Supply List
Meal Menu
Veterans
Corsicana
Vickery
Parent/Student Handbook
Resources
Human Resources
Teacher Qualifications
Paraprofessional Qualifications
Benefits
Job Postings
Apply
Staff Handbook
Forms
Contact Us
District Administrators
Campus Administrators
Teacher/Staff Directory
Request More Information
Campus Locations
 Google+
 Facebook
 Twitter
Search
Parents
			 » Resources			
Resources
Cyberbullying
What is Cyberbullying?
Cyberbullying is the use of electronic communication to bully a person, typically by sending messages of an intimidating, humiliating, threatening nature or otherwise targeting another over digital devices like cell phones, computers, and tablets.  
Cyberbullying can be very emotionally damaging. Victims of cyberbullying may experience depression, isolation, poor academic performance, and even suicidal ideation. Furthermore, unlike traditional bullying, which children can typically escape once they return home from school, cyberbullying is present wherever youth have a mobile device or an internet connection.  In some cases, the cyberbully may be anonymous, while in other instances the victim and bully may be acquaintances or former friends.
Examples of Cyber Bullying
Sending someone mean or threatening emails, instant messages, text messages or other apps.
Breaking into someone's email or instant message account to send cruel or untrue messages while posing as that person.
Creating websites to make fun of others such as a classmate, teacher or staff.
Tricking someone into revealing personal or embarrassing information and sending it to others.
Using websites, social media, or any other online forum to judge peers appearance as prettiest, ugliest, fattiest, etc. 
Parents
Talk to your child about bullying.
Ask your child questions.
If you believe your child is the victim of bullying, please report it to a campus principal as soon as possible.
Some warning signs of bullying are when your child 
Appears afraid of going back to school;
Appears sad, anxious or moody when talking about school;
Complains of headaches, stomach aches;
Does not want to go to school;
Dislikes or has lost interest in school work;
Has few, if any, friends;
Has unexplained cuts, bruises and/or scratches;
Has trouble sleeping and/or has frequent nightmares.
Returns from school with torn, damaged or missing articles of clothing, books or belongings.
Two Dimensions Preparatory Academy Charter Independent School District has a “zero tolerance” policy against cyberbullying.  S
tudents caught cyberbullying at school can be disciplined under Section 2 of our Student Parent Handbook.  If you believe you are being cyberbullied or if you know someone who is, please contact your school's principal.  Visit our website page at 
www.twodimensions.org
 or follow this direct website link, 
https://safe2speakup.com/onlinebully?workspace=TwoDimensionsTX
Other Resources
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
If you need to talk or are concerned about someone else, please reach out to the
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
. 
The toll-free lifeline is available to help 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year
. 
www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org
Call: 800-273-TALK (8255)
David’s Law
 Texas Senate Bill 179
David’s Law, an Act known as David’s Law, took effect September 01, 2017.  The Act relates to harassment, bullying, and cyberbullying and requires school districts to adopt policies and procedures concerning bullying and to include “procedures for a student, parent, teacher, or administrator to anonymously report an incident of bullying…”  
You can find the enrolled version of Senate Bill 179 at 
http://www.legis.state.tx.us/tlodocs/85R/billtext/pdf/SB00179F.pdf
The Parental & Family Engagement CONNECTION 
The February newsletter available in English and Spanish
, 
http://www.esc16.net/page/title1swi.3_newsletter
 . 
This edition of the newsletter includes articles about 
Helping Your Child through the Mid-Year Slump, Boosting Your Child’s Self-Esteem, Maintaining Children’s Health, and FAFSA
.
Academic Calendar
Attendance Policy
Dress Code
Parent/Student Handbook
School Supply List
Staff
									Resources								
Resource Links
Two Dimensions Safe2SpeakUp
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
Senate Bill 179
David's Law
Two Dimensions Preparatory Academy12121 Veterans Memorial Drive, Houston, TX 77067
Phone:(281) 227-4700
Veterans Campus
Corsicana Campus
Vickery Campus
Google+
Facebook
Twitter
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation