Original text
Contribute a better translation
Parent Connect
Donate
Contact
Careers
Calendar
Select Language
Afrikaans
Albanian
Amharic
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Cebuano
Chichewa
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Corsican
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Esperanto
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Frisian
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Javanese
Kannada
Kazakh
Khmer
Korean
Kurdish (Kurmanji)
Kyrgyz
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Luxembourgish
Macedonian
Malagasy
Malay
Malayalam
Maltese
Maori
Marathi
Mongolian
Myanmar (Burmese)
Nepali
Norwegian
Pashto
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Samoan
Scots Gaelic
Serbian
Sesotho
Shona
Sindhi
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Sundanese
Swahili
Swedish
Tajik
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Uzbek
Vietnamese
Welsh
Xhosa
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
  Powered by 
Translate
Toggle navigation                                    
About Us 
Charter Schools
About Southwest Schools
History
Mission
Accountability
Professional Learning
Instructional Technology
Administration
Leadership
Board of Directors
Administrative Staff Directory
Departments
Business Office
Child Nutrition Program
College & Career Readiness
Community Relations
Curriculum
E-Colors
Human Resources
Information Technology
Learning Development
Safety/Security
Special Education
Student Support Services
Careers
Contact
FAQ
Our Schools 
Bissonnet Elementary
Mangum Elementary
Discovery Middle School
Empowerment High School
Phoenix School
Young Learners
Programs
Parents/Students 
District Calendar
Parent Connect
School Store
Student/Parent Handbook
Student Creed
Child Nutrition Program
Immunization Requirements
Be a Volunteer
Student Resources
Homework Resources
Scholarships
Wellness Policy
Sponsors/Volunteers 
Bowling Bash 2018
Why Get Involved
Our Sponsors
How to Donate
Financial Support
Volunteer
Other Opportunities
FAQ
Programs
ACADEMICS
 | 
ARTS
 | 
ATHLETICS
 | 
GENERAL EDUCATION
 | 
SOCIAL
 | 
OTHER
Academics
The Jason Project
The Jason Project is a non-profit organization that connects students, in the classroom and out, to real science and exploration to inspire and motivate them to study and pursue careers in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM).
We embed exciting STEM professionals and cutting-edge research into award-winning, standards-aligned in and out-of-school curricula. 
Live webcasts connect students with inspirational STEM role models. Student materials include reading selections with read-to-me functionality, inquiry-based labs, videos, and online games. For teachers and informal educators, we provide lesson plans, assessments, and comprehensive professional development programs.
Project Lead the Way
 Texas Project Lead the Way unveils the mystery of engineering and biomedical sciences to students and parents and teaches a way of thinking that is the key to success in the 21st century. Based at The University of Texas at Tyler, the program is recognized by the National Academy of Engineering as a model pre-engineering program.
This program encourages creativity through project-based learning and provides a rigorous, standards-based, flexible curriculum.
The program also provides Texas-based teacher, counselor and administrator training and development.
Visit our PLTW Site for more information.
Oil and Gas Offshore Drilling Program
It’s only fitting that being in the oil capital of the world, Southwest provide real training on the subject to our students. Sponsored by Houston Community College, the Oil and Gas Offshore Drilling program at Southwest Schools teaches the basics of drilling operations and helps prepare students for a career in oil and gas.
STEAM
Science & Technology interpreted through Engineering & the Arts, all based in Mathematical elements
STEAM Education aims to bring FUNctional literacy to all. It promotes bridging the gap between business and educational goals to create a more productive and established culture based on teamwork. This educational program is for all students and all types of learners with the goal of being more engaging and successful functioning students within the education system.
STEAM provides an avenue for teaching the interactions of how people relate in real-life. STEAM-style education can be exciting and meaningfully delivered in more inviting ways within an established education program.
STEAM is an established program which works to transition, maintain, create and evolve educational fundamentals, programs and organizations to include practices catering to developing more FUNctional citizens.
This structure is engaging, hands-on and reality-based to draw education, industry, government and the community together to better public education
ARTS
Poetry Slam
A poetry slam is a competition at which
 poets perform original work alone or in teams before an audience. These performances are then judged on a numeric scale by previously selected members of the audience.The work is judged as much on the manner and enthusiasm of its performance as its content or style, and many slam poems are not intended to be read silently from the page.
Sketch Club
Sketch Club is a sketch, draw, and color class exploring alternative ways to bring ideas to life. The students will learn sketch techniques to create line, form and mass, as well as creative color and tinting. The class will use traditional and non-traditional media – such as coffee grounds, fruit punch, and other household items – to create art in a fun way. Ideas will come alive while the student explores imagination and creativity.
SOAR
“When it comes to our Education our Future and our Music we are… Serious Optimistic Ambitious Relentless.” Soar means to rise, fly and/or glide seemingly without effort. The self-titled band at Southwest High School aims to do just that.
Research shows that an education in and through music prepares students to learn, facilitates student academic achievement, and develops the creative capacities for lifelong success. Skills such as working in teams, communication, self-esteem, creative thinking, calmer attitudes, imagination, discipline, study skills and invention are learnt and improved through the study of music.
Theater
The Southwest Schools Theater program allows students to get involved in drama performance and teaches all aspects of theater including performance, stage, lighting, sound and production. 
From Shakespeare and his classic counterparts to modern play wrights, theater students at Southwest are exposed to great art and are able to share that with the rest of the student body during live performances.
National research shows that drama activities improve reading comprehension, and both verbal and non-verbal communication skills, helps to improve school attendance and reduce high school dropout rates, and can improve skills and academic performance in children and youth with learning disabilities
ATHLETICS
Soccer
Southwest Schools is proud to be home to the Texas 01 state championship soccer team. Our mission to grow as a team is far from over though. Our coaching staff and players understand that hard work and dedication plus a continual skills improvement philosophy is what will make us better as a team and as individual players.
Southwest students who participate in school sports enjoy enhanced social interaction. The socialization that occurs with organized sports can help a students learn effective time-management skills, initiative and the ability to work with others. Sports allow you to develop a mentoring relationship with adults and with positive, school-oriented peers. The peer culture that surrounds school sports plays an important role in the school environment. When a child feels integrated into this environment, their school performance may become stronger. Sports can provide students with a variety of character-building experiences. Students can learn valuable lessons about how to cooperate with others and play fairly, develop strong self-discipline as they strive to learn and excel at a sport.
Volleyball
Girl’s volleyball is a big part of the culture in high schools across the United States and across the world and plays an important role in many young girls lives. The Lady EAGLES volleyball team was established the 2012-2013 school year. At the start of the season, The Lady Eagles were entered into the very competitive TCSAAL Volleyball league. The 2013-2014 season kicks off with a new coach, Keturah Ricks, and the girls are ready for another season of competition, self-discipline and teamwork. Each member of the Lady Eagles volleyball team are proof that team sports provide lifelong lessons and provide opportunities for growth both mentally and physically.
GENERAL EDUCATION
E-Colors
One of the cornerstone programs of Southwest Schools, E-Colors helps to identify different personality styles which enables people to better understand themselves and those around them.
Visit the 
E-Colors in Education
 website for more information.
Learn more about our e-colors program at 
Southwest Schools E-Colors
SOCIAL
Chess Club/Tournament
 Aside from being just a fun and exciting game, chess can teach kids (and adults as well) many different lessons and emphasize many other skills that they can use for the rest of their lives.
Research has shown that student chess players show a significant advancement in spatial, numerical and administrative-directional abilities, along with verbal aptitudes. The improvements held true regardless of the final chess skill level attained. What’s more, it has been shown that students experience gains in cognitive development and also perform significantly better in their regular school testing as well as in standardized testing.
It’s clear that the fun and challenging game of chess can have a positive effect on motivation and school achievement.
Craft Club
As a learning activity, arts and crafts have
 traditionally been passed over in favor of more academic pursuits, but crafts – particularly developmentally appropriate craft activities – can aid learning in other areas like language, music, art, social studies, science, math, health, and nutrition.
Crafts have been around since the beginning of time when people made everything they used with their hands. Crafts were initially created for trading, selling, spiritual or artistic expression, as well as creating personal and household articles.
Today, crafts are a great pastime and educational tool for kids. Craft allows kids to explore ideas or concepts and then express it by making something to keep, entertain others with or simply look at for visual pleasure. It’s a perfect way to encourage creativity and self-expression.
Math Club
The Southwest Schools’ Math Club goes beyond math concepts that are taught in the classroom. Club members discover, discuss and apply problem-solving techniques to mathematical problems – both theoretical and real-life.
Math club is a fun and competitive activity that any student can participate in. It is a great way for students to develop intuitive thinking skills and learn new types of math. Students will not only learn new material, but will apply their previous knowledge from school to fun and challenging problems. Furthermore, they will learn to view math not as a set of rules or guidelines, but as an art. Math is a subject full of creativity and opportunity that many students enjoy. Besides the academic benefits, math club is also a great way to meet new people and develop teamwork skills.
Minecraft Competition
Minecraft is a game about breaking and placing blocks. It’s more than just building structures, the game encourages players to work together to create wonderful, imaginative things.
 Minecraft is an open-ended “sandbox” game where you construct and play in elaborate worlds. Some kids recreate famous pieces of architecture, others express their creativity through grand designs, but the experience is simple: in the free-form Minecraft sandbox, you can build practically anything your imagination can think up.
Schools, like Southwest, which understand that experimenting is an important part of learning, clued in to research that found that Minecraft can teach kids creative thinking, geometry and even a bit of geology, and research shows they can learn experimentation, teamwork and problem solving skills, as well.
Robotics Club
Robotics Club participation allows our club members to be exposed to robot concepts and technology. Robotics engineering relies on math, science, creativity and teamwork – all skills that can be used in the classroom and in life.
OTHER
Genesys Works
Genesys Works is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization that enables inner-city high school students to break through barriers and discover through meaningful work experience that they can succeed as professionals in the corporate world.
Primarily in the field of Information Technology (IT), Southwest Schools’ students have the opportunity to earn intern or full-time positions in the areas of computer support, network and desktop integration, software development and more.
Genesys Works 2014 Recipients
Houston Food Bank
Back Pack Buddies
Many children who rely on free or reduced-priced lunches during the school year go home to meager or no meals on weekends. The Houston Food Bank’s Backpack Buddy program works to fill that gap.
On Fridays, at participating schools and other locations, children take home child-friendly, nonperishable, easily consumed and vitamin-fortified food
Kids Café
By providing nutritious meals and snacks, Kids Cafe helps start children on the right path for success.
Teachers Aid
School supplies for teachers in low-income schools
Kids need the right tools in order to succeed in school, but many families can’t afford the most basic school supplies, like pencils, crayons and notebooks. Many compassionate teachers pay for school supplies from their own pockets so their students aren’t at a disadvantage.
The Teachers Aid program provides supplies to teachers in schools that meet two criteria: (1) 70% of students are on free or reduced-price lunch; (2) participate in the Houston Food Bank’s Backpack Buddy Program. School supplies are distributed on posted Saturdays by reservation only (Please see calendar and “How To” below).
Teachers select from donated items based on their grade levels, curriculum needs and current inventory. Teachers can “shop” once every three months by appointment only.
The program is an affiliate of the Kids in Need Foundation’s Kids in Need National Network sponsored by Target.
YMCA
 The goal of the YMCA is to nurture the potential of kids, help people live healthier, and to support each center’s neighbors in order to strength communities.
As a partner of Southwest Schools, the YMCA is offering our students, staff and families discounted membership and program fees.
Click below to learn more.
English
 | 
Spanish
< Back to Homepage
Resources
Donate Online
Volunteer Opportunities
Partners in Education
Our Profile
Our Schools
ENROLL NOW
CALENDAR
                                Quick Links                            
                        CONTACT US  |  ADMINISTRATION BUILDING: 3333 BERING DRIVE, HOUSTON, TEXAS 77057
                        © 2013-2014 Southwest School. All rights reserved. 
Terms of User and Privacy Statement