Newcastle Elementary School District
Home
About Us
District Vision
Contacts
District Plans
SARC
Staff Directory
District Boundaries
Charter Petitions
LCAPs
DAC (District Advisory Committee)
Board
Board Members
Role of the Board
Current Agenda and Packet
Agendas
Minutes
Board Policies
District Vision, Values and Goals
Departments
Business Office
Curriculum & Instruction
Food Services
Human Resources
Superintendent's Office
Technology
Transportation
Staff Site
Special Education
Facilities
Health Services
Athletics
Parents
PUHSD Attendance and Transfer Policy
Williams Uniform Complaint Procedures
Emergency Response FAQs
SBAC
Calendars
Objection to Disclosure of Student Information and Records Form
Disclosure of Student Records
Update on SB277 RE: Immunizations
Walkability Report
Employment
Applications
Health Insurance Benefits
Job Openings
Contact Us
				WATER QUALITY TESTING RESULTS			
						While students have been getting ready for academic testing, we have been waiting for the results of our water testing. Great news!  NEWCASTLE SCHOOL DISTRICT’S WATER IS FREE FROM HARMFUL LEAD LEVELS!					
April 5, 2018
Dear Newcastle School Community:
While students have been getting ready for academic testing, we have been waiting for the results of our water testing. Great news!  NEWCASTLE SCHOOL DISTRICT’S WATER IS FREE FROM HARMFUL LEAD LEVELS! 
Beginning January 1, 2018, California Assembly Bill 746 requires community water systems to test lead levels, by July 1, 2019, in drinking water at all California public K-12 school sites that were constructed before January 1, 2010. 
Why Test School Drinking Water for Lead?
High levels of lead in drinking water can cause serious health problems. If lead is found at any water outlet at levels above 20 parts per billion (ppb), U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recommends taking action to reduce the lead.
Is Our School’s Drinking Water Safe?
Yes, our schools’ water is safe. Newcastle Elementary School District worked with Placer County Water Agency (PCWA) to test our drinking water for lead. Water samples were collected on March 21st. Samples were taken from Newcastle Elementary and Charter at both upper and lower ends, Harvest Ridge Charter, and Onorato campuses.  Adhering to the required protocols, each site had samples drawn from 6 different areas of the campus.  The results of the testing came back today.  
Newcastle Elementary and Charter- No Detection of Lead
Onorato Campus- No Detection of Lead
Harvest Ridge Charter- Of the 6 samples tested, 5 resulted in No Detection of Lead. 
1 of the 6 samples tested at a low level of lead - 8.7 parts per billion which is well below the State required action level of 15 parts per billion.
How Can I Learn More?
You can see a copy of all of our water testing results at the school district’s central office, open Monday to Friday from 9:00am-4:00pm, and on our website 
at (
www.newcastle.k12.ca.us
). For more information about water quality in our schools, please contact Jeff Mize, Director of Facilities and Maintenance for the Newcastle Elementary School District, 916 259-2832. For information about water quality and sampling for lead at home, contact your local water supplier or state drinking water agency.
Sincerely,
Denny Rush, Superintendent
Attached Files
Lead Testing Results 4-5-2018.pdf
Newcastle Elementary Results.pdf
Onorato Results.pdf
Harvest Ridge Charter Results.pdf
© Newcastle Elementary School District
645 Kentucky Greens Way, Newcastle, CA 95658
Phone: (916) 259-2832 Fax: (916) 259-2835
Search
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
Follow Us
Twitter
RSS
Newcastle ESD Home
powered by Edlio