Skip to content
Huston Academy    Home of the Panthers 
MENU                
Huston Academy   
                  Live Feed                
                  Directory                
                  News                
                  Events                
                  Cafeteria                
                  Documents                
ERATH EXCELS CHARTER SCHOOL DISTRICT                    
                              Board of Directors                            
                              Charter Schools                            
                              Mission & Vision                            
                              Financial Reports                            
                              Performance Reports                            
                              Superintendent Contract                            
                              Wellness Policy                            
SHORELINE ACADEMY                    
                              About                            
                              Staff                            
                              Contact                            
                              Location                            
HUSTON ACADEMY                    
STUDENTS & PARENTS                            
                                    Odysseyware Login                                  
                                    Parent Portal                                  
                                    Bell Schedules                                  
                                    Student-Parent Handbook                                  
                              Admissions                            
                              Calendar                            
                              Departments                            
                              Location                            
                              Photos                            
STAFF INFORMATION                    
                              Gradebook                            
                              Thrillshare                            
                              Tech Help Desk                            
              Close Menu                      
Search
Search Form
Form Text
            Huston Academy          
          Wellness Policy        
EDIT MAIN
EDIT HTML BLOCK
Wellness Policy
Purpose:
To establish a policy that addresses nutrition education goals, physical activity goals, nutrition standards for all foods available on the school campus during the school day when school is in session, and other school-based activity goals designed to promote student wellness.
Definitions:
Nutrition education goal: designed to exert a positive influence on students eating behaviors.
Physical activity goal: to provide opportunities for every student to develop the knowledge and skills for specific physical activities, to maintain physical fitness, to regularly participate in physical activity and to understand the short and long term benefits of a physically active and healthy lifestyle.
Nutrition standards: to ensure that reimbursable school meals meet the program requirements and nutrition standards set forth under federal and state law. Additionally, these standards will address all foods and beverages sold or served to students during the school day while school is in session, including those available outside of the school meal programs. This will be understood to include foods and beverages sold in schools in vending machines, snack bars, school stores, fundraisers, and concession stands as well as foods brought to the school for the elective use of students during the school day.
School-based activity goals: to create and maintain a school environment that provides consistent wellness messages and is conducive to healthy eating and physical activity.
WELLNESS:
The District shall follow state and federal nutrition guidelines that advance student health and reduce childhood obesity and shall promote the general wellness of all students through nutrition education, physical education and activity, and other school-based activities.
GUIDELINES & GOALS:
The District shall develop nutritional guidelines and wellness goals in consultation with the local school health advisory council and with involvement from representatives of the student body, school food service, school administration, the Board, parents, and the public.
 The District shall ensure that nutritional guidelines for reimbursable school meals shall be at least as restrictive as federal regulations and guidance and are in accordance with the Texas Public Nutrition Policy.
 In addition to legal requirements, the District shall:
Establish age-appropriate guidelines for food and/or beverages served during classroom parties, birthdays, or school celebrations or events. Campuses shall follow these guidelines when offering food and/or beverages during events, parties and celebrations.
Provide guidance to campuses requiring that birthday and/or school celebrations shall not occur in the cafeteria during meal serving time. Such events may take place at the end of the school day after the last scheduled class or after school.
Provide guidelines for schools requiring that foods and/or beverages shall not be used as rewards for academic performance, except when provided in a specific student’s individualized education program (IEP) or behavior intervention plan.
Provide teachers with education and guidelines on the use of food for instructional purposes or as a reward in the classroom.
Require that all snack foods served to students in Grades 7-12 at any time during the school day will meet the Smart Snacks nutritional requirements, required by the USDA and set forth in the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
Designate that all campuses, Grades 7-12, can be involved in the sale of food or beverage for fund-raising during the school day only on the six allowable school days throughout a school year. Any other fund-raising activities that involve the sale of food and/or beverages shall take place outside of the school day.
Require that food and/or beverages offered to students and employees of the District through the District Food Service Department during the day as a snack or meal, whether provided by parents or staff, shall be consistent with the goals of the policy and in compliance with the Texas Public School Nutrition Policy.
NUTRITION Education:
The District shall implement, in accordance with law, a coordinated health program with a nutrition education component and shall use health course curriculum that emphasizes the importance of proper nutrition.
In addition, the District establishes the following goals for nutrition education:
Students in grades 7-12 shall receive nutrition education that fosters the adoption and maintenance of healthy eating behaviors through their participation in the health education and physical education courses.
Nutrition education shall be a District wide priority and shall be integrated into other areas of the curriculum, as appropriate.
Educational nutrition information shall be shared with families and the general public to positively influence the health of students and community members through the use of newsletters, school lunch menus, and the District Web site.
PHYSICAL ACTIVITY:
The District shall implement, in accordance with law, a coordinated health program with physical education and physical activity components and shall offer at least the required amount of physical activity for all grades.
In addition, the District establishes the following goals for physical activity:
The District shall provide an environment that fosters safe and enjoyable fitness activities for all students, including those who are not athletically gifted.
Physical education classes shall regularly emphasize moderate to vigorous activity.
The District shall encourage parents to support their children’s participation, to be active role models, to include physical activity in family events.
The District shall encourage teachers to integrate physical activity into the academic curriculum when appropriate.
The District shall encourage students, parents, staff, and community members to use the school’s physical activity facilities outside of the school day as available.
SCHOOL-BASED ACTIVITIES:
The District establishes the following goal to create an environment conducive to healthful eating and physical activity and to express a consistent wellness message through other school-based activities: each campus shall include the Campus Improvement Plan strategies and performance objectives related to coordinated school health implementation, student participation in moderate to vigorous physical activity, compliance with the wellness policy, and completion of the FITNESS GRAM testing on all students in grades 7-12. Also, students will complete a fitness profile that measures daily nutritional habits and exercise routines.  It will also measure, health, weight, heart rate, blood pressure, and body mass index.  This fitness profile will be completed once in the Fall Semester, and once in the Spring Semester.
STAFF WELLNESS:
School staff serves as role models for students and are the key to successful implementation of student wellness programs. Therefore, the District and its schools shall offer staff wellness programs and/or opportunities for staff to participate in staff wellness programs. These may include workshops and presentations on health promotion, education, and resources that shall enhance morale, encourage healthy lifestyles, prevent injury, reduce chronic disease, and foster exceptional role modeling.
IMPLEMENTATION:
Monitoring of implementation of this Wellness Policy will be the responsibility of the school board of Erath Excels Academy, the Superintendent, the School Nurse, the Food Services Director, and other appropriate school personnel. The school health advisory council (SHAC), whose members include administration, teachers, students, health and nutrition personnel, parents, and community members, shall review this policy annually.
MENU
Live Feed
Directory
News
Events
Odysseyware Login
Huston Academy          
        680 Peach Orchard Road        
        Stephenville, TX 76401        
        Phone: 254-965-8883      
        Shoreline Academy
        1220 Gregory Street / P.O. Box 68
        Taft, TX 78390
        Phone: 361-528-3959
Stay Connected
Copyright © Huston Academy   2018. All rights reserved. 
Powered by 
Apptegy