Skip to main content
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Mail
Quick Links
: Translate
Google Translate
: Contact
: Give
: News
: Careers
: Enroll
Site Navigation
Home
About
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
The KIPP Foundation
The KIPP 5 Pillars
Board of Directors
Academics
Results
RFPs
Our Schools
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Elementary
KIPP Memphis Academy Elementary
KIPP Memphis Preparatory Elementary
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Middle
KIPP Memphis Academy Middle
KIPP Memphis Preparatory Middle
KIPP Memphis Collegiate High School
Parent Resources
KIPP Through College
Athletics
Employee Links
												KIPP Through College									
																						KIPP Through College																			
KTC Services
KTC Calendar
KIPP Alumni
Like KTC on Facebook!
At the heart of KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools’ (KMCS) mission is a commitment to prepare our students for success in college and in life. KIPP Through College (KTC) plays a critical role in realizing these outcomes. The KTC office begins working with our KIPPsters in eighth grade and continues in high school by helping with the college application process, through their matriculation to and graduation from college and their career preparation.
What we do
KTC provides five core services: High School and College Placement, Academic Support, Career Services, Student and Family Counseling, and Enrichment Programming. The starting point for these services is relationships. KTC Advisors connect with our alumni in one-on-one counseling sessions throughout the year. Building on these relationships, KTC provides mentoring, counseling and problem solving assistance. We connect alumni to key academic resources, run tutoring and internship programs, and convene alumni for career preparation, peer support and networking events.
Why
Our KIPPsters are not immune from the challenges facing students in our communities – factors that affect their continued success after they graduate from KMCS schools. KTC's staff and services are singularly focused on giving alumni the support to empower them on their journey to and through college and into the working world. In this effort, we aspire to build a nationally recognized model for college preparation and completion programming.
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
powered by Educational Networks