Skip to main content
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Mail
Quick Links
: Translate
Google Translate
: Contact
: Give
: News
: Careers
: Enroll
Site Navigation
Home
About
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
The KIPP Foundation
The KIPP 5 Pillars
Board of Directors
Academics
Results
RFPs
Our Schools
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Elementary
KIPP Memphis Academy Elementary
KIPP Memphis Preparatory Elementary
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Middle
KIPP Memphis Academy Middle
KIPP Memphis Preparatory Middle
KIPP Memphis Collegiate High School
Parent Resources
KIPP Through College
Athletics
Employee Links
												About Us									
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
The KIPP Foundation
What Makes KIPP Unique
Civil Rights Public Notice and Wellness Policy
Contact KMCS
Our Partners
Board of Directors
																						RFPs																			
Annual Report
990
Request for Proposals (RFP) Opportunities
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools (KMCS) buys myriad of supplies, technology 
software, and hardware, professional and operational services, etc. which 
are used within our schools to most efficiently meet the varied demands for 
high-quality public education.
  Typically, contractors delivering such services are selected through the Request for Proposals (RFPs) process or some other appropriate means and 
are paid on a "fee-for-service" basis.
KMCS also uses grant awards to achieve many of its objectives and programmatic responsibilities.
  Grants are simply types of contracts that are used to affect an award of funding or property to 
a grant recipient or "grantee."
A grant benefits student population of our schools, and deliverables 
pursuant to a grant contract 
are comprised of professional services, supplies, school furniture, etc.
KMCS contracts for supplies, technology 
software, and hardware, 
professional and operational services directly through the Regional Office. Individuals, businesses, and other service providers who wish to provide services to KMCS are encouraged to frequently visit our web page to review recent solicitations and other procurement related notices.
Requests for Proposals (RFPs), solicitations, and public notices related to procurement are posted on this web page as 
they are released by the KMCS.
  ONLY information relating to professional service procurements 
is posted here. 
Posted documents may 
be updated with relevant amendments at any time.
​​​​​​​
Vendor Registration
We have a new registration system powered by Vendor Registry and it is completely FREE to our vendors.  The system allows vendors to quickly register and update details such as what products and services you provide as well as your contact information. This will enable us and Vendor Registry to notify you of important procurement opportunities in the future.
Register as a vendor with KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
Current Procurement Opportunities
If you have any questions regarding the registration process, please call Vendor Registry at 844-802-9202
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools takes all necessary affirmative steps to assure that minority businesses, women's business enterprises, and labor surplus area firms are used when possible (2 CFR 200.321).
Below is a list of our current RFPs. 
			Files:
addendum 1_docx.pdf
KMCS RFP 2018 - Food Service  04272018.pdf
RFP T2018-001 Internet Connectivity.pdf
RFP T2018-002 Cellular.pdf
RFP T2018-003 Telephony Services-ZM Comments - 2-14-2018.pdf
RFPT2018-Networking-Attachment _A_.pdf
RFPT2018-Networking.pdf
KIPP Memphis Collegiate Schools
powered by Educational Networks