HOME
ABOUT US
CAMPUS NEWS
supply lists
athletics
lunches
PTO
library
D.C. trip
ENROLLMENT
registration
HOMEWORK SITE
FAQ
CONTACT US
HOW DO I GET IN???
We probably receive 5 or 6 inquiries a day from parents wanting information on how to get their child into PCS. Here are the basics....
Intent to Enroll forms are now available in our office and on-line for parents to download and fill out.
You can fax them, scan and email, take a picture and email, or snail mail to us. The KEY is making sure that you have this done in the month of March. It doesn't matter if we receive it on March 1st, or March 31st... everyone has a fair chance at any spots we have available. You are welcome to attend one of our open houses, but you do not have to. If you should decide to attend, little hint... the second one tends to be less attended.
We fill any spots that we have available with siblings of existing families first. Then we put the forms in a hat and literally pull them one by one. We fill open spots and continue to pull forms to create our waiting list. We try to have this completed by mid-April and will contact you via email of your status.
2018-2019 ENROLLMENT INFORMATION
NEW FAMILIES
New families will be able to fill out an 
“Intent to Enroll Form”
 throughout the month of March. Open House events are a great time to come check out the school and submit Intent to Enroll forms. The dates of the 2018 Open Houses are Tuesday, March 6th and Thursday, March 15th. Both evenings are 6pm-7pm. (Little hint... the second one is usually less crowded!)
The school wide lottery will be completed by mid-April, and parents will be notified via email as quickly as possible.  Students whose names are not selected through the lottery will be placed on the waiting list in the order by which their names are drawn.  All Intent to Enroll Forms turned in during the month of March will go in the same basket with no advantage for ones turned in during the first of the month.  If you are notified that your child was selected for a spot, you will be directed to begin the enrollment process.
Please note: The following are required for NEW student enrollment. Students will not be considered registered until all of the information is complete.
Completed packet
School physical (less than one year from the day of registration)
Immunizations (DH 680 Blue Form – available from doctor or health dept.)
Birth Certificate
Name and address of last school attended, if any
Testing and Exceptional Student Education information, if any
Custody Verification, i.e. divorce papers
Student Social Security Card
Note: Students currently attending a Manatee Public School do not need to supply birth certificate, physical or immunization records.
If you have any questions regarding enrollment please do not hesitate to contact the school.
CURRENT FAMILIES
Registration for current students will begin February 1st and end March 31st. Enrollment Packets are sent home with students. Current families can request that a SIBLING Intent to Enroll form be sent home with their child or stop in the office to pick one up.
IMPORTANT: In order for a current student to return, parents must comply with the terms of the Parent Contract, including portions dealing with tardies, absences, homework, and volunteer hours (families need to have volunteer hours completed by the end of May).
Those meeting these requirements will have guaranteed re-enrollment for next year and any siblings will be given preference during the lottery process. (
Current parents wanting to enroll a sibling should use the green Intent to Enroll Form. Needs to be picked up in-person or sent home.)
2018-2019
QUICK LINKS
EAGLE NEWS - LIVE
WHAT'S FOR LUNCH
UNIFORMS
LATEST NEWS
Copyright © 2017 Palmetto Charter School
Please contact us with any issues you encounter with our site! Thank you!
Palmetto Charter School         Phone: 941-723-3711
1601 17Th St West                  Email: Enews@pcsfl.org
Palmetto, FL 34221                  Fax: 941-729-5805