HOME
ABOUT US
CAMPUS NEWS
supply lists
athletics
lunches
PTO
library
D.C. trip
ENROLLMENT
registration
HOMEWORK SITE
FAQ
CONTACT US
ENROLLING YOUR CHILD
Admitting Policy
Palmetto Charter School provides a rigorous academic program utilizing a traditional classroom environment. Palmetto Charter School is a “Tuition Free” public charter school.  Parents wishing to enroll their students will need to complete an “Intent to Enroll Form”. 
 A monthly lottery drawing will be held of those completing the “Intent to Enroll Form” in order to determine placement in classrooms (when space is available) and /or position on a waiting list.  Students with specials needs will be reviewed by the Manatee County School District on a case by case basis with the understanding that we may not be able to provide the best program for a child with acute special needs.
It is understood that being a student at Palmetto Charter School is a privilege which may be forfeited by any student whose conduct, attitude, or lack of progress, in the opinion of the administration, make it advisable for that student not to remain in the school.  No student is guaranteed re-enrollment each year.
Enrollment
All current and incoming students must fill out a PCS Registration Packet.  Students transferring from another school will need to withdraw from that school and will need to complete a PCS Record Release Form to obtain their former school records.
A certified copy of a Birth Certificate for each student and / or documentation that shows proof of legal guardianship is required for enrollment.  In addition, a certified copy of court orders showing custody, visitation, etc., if applicable, must be provided to PCS in order to enroll or withdraw a student.
Students who will be five years old on or before September 1st may enroll in Kindergarten in August of the same year.  For Kindergarten and children entering a Florida school for the first time, Florida laws (Statutes 232.0315 and 232.032) require that students have the following documentation on file in their school health records:
A physical exam form HRS-H 3040 (March 91) must be completed and signed by a licensed physician,  (The exam must be within the 12 months prior to the child enrolling in a Florida school.)
A certificate of immunization with all immunization dates (month, day, year) or proof of all immunizations on a DH 680 or 681 form. The fifth dose of DTP, fourth dose of OPV, and the second dose of MMR should be given after the fourth birthday, preferably at or just before the time of entry into Kindergarten.
Kindergarten entrance requires proof of the Varicella vaccine or record of the Chicken Pox.
A series of three shots of Hepatitis B are required before 7th grade.
All Kindergarten through 12th grade students will have documented history of a second dose of the measles vaccine.
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Palmetto Charter School admits students of any race, color, gender, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs and activities generally accorded or made available to students of the school.  It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, national and ethnic origin in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, and other school administered programs.
CLICK HERE FOR INFORMATION ABOUT
2018-2019
School Year
QUICK LINKS
EAGLE NEWS - LIVE
WHAT'S FOR LUNCH
UNIFORMS
LATEST NEWS
Copyright © 2017 Palmetto Charter School
Please contact us with any issues you encounter with our site! Thank you!
Palmetto Charter School         Phone: 941-723-3711
1601 17Th St West                  Email: Enews@pcsfl.org
Palmetto, FL 34221                  Fax: 941-729-5805