HOME
ABOUT US
CAMPUS NEWS
supply lists
athletics
lunches
PTO
library
D.C. trip
ENROLLMENT
registration
HOMEWORK SITE
FAQ
CONTACT US
Frequently Asked Questions
What grades are offered?
Kindergarten - 8th Grade
How can I register?
Parents applying to a Charter School do not have to utilize School Choice. You may visit our 
Registration page
 for information on getting your child registered.
How many students does the school have?
Palmetto Charter School has two classes at each grade level. Class sizes are consistent with state law governing charter schools (average of 18 per class K – 3rd and 22 per class 4th – 8th).  Our capacity is 364 students.
How much does it cost to attend?
Charter schools are public schools supported by tax dollars. Therefore, there is no charge to attend.  All families, however, will be required to volunteer at least 20 hours during the school year.
What are the qualifications of the teachers?
All teachers are highly qualified and certified to teach by the State of Florida.
Will bus transportation be provided?
Yes.  Bus transportation will be provided for a large portion of the North River area.
What are the days and times?
The school follows the same calendar as the Manatee County School District.  (No early release on Wednesdays.)  Currently, the Elementary school day begins at 8:30 and finishes at 2:45. Middle School times are 8:15 – 3:00.
What special classes and programs do we have?
Beyond the normal academic classes, Palmetto Charter School offers Physical Education, Art, Music, Drama, Computer and Spanish.  In addition, PCS services the needs of most eligible ESE and ELL students.  A wide array of after-school activities, including competitive sports and Odyssey of the Mind, are also available.
What makes Palmetto Charter School different?
Our first priority is to create a superior learning and social environment.  
Responsive Classroom
, a social development/character development program, has been instrumental in helping our students cultivate character traits such as respect, cooperation, responsibility, empathy and self-control.  Our emphasis on traditional values and a strong academic program are the foundation of Palmetto Charter’s success.
QUICK LINKS
EAGLE NEWS - LIVE
WHAT'S FOR LUNCH
UNIFORMS
LATEST NEWS
Copyright © 2017 Palmetto Charter School
Please contact us with any issues you encounter with our site! Thank you!
Palmetto Charter School         Phone: 941-723-3711
1601 17Th St West                  Email: Enews@pcsfl.org
Palmetto, FL 34221                  Fax: 941-729-5805