Skip to main content
Lighthouse Academy
Login
Register
Main menu
Home
About
 »
Board of Directors
Learning Disability Eligibility
Careers
News
Contact Us
Community Partners
School Leadership
Campus
 »
Main
North
Waalkes
The Pier
St. John's
Eagle Village
Emergency Drills
School Transparency
Transparency Report
MI School Data Portal
Mission Statement
Creating hope through academic success in spite of life's storms.
Location
Lighthouse Academy locations:
	Main Campus:
	3330 36th St. SE
	Grand Rapids, MI 49512-2810
	(616) 949-2287
	North Campus:
	*County Youth Programs
	1260 Ekhart St. NE
	Grand Rapids, MI 49503-1372
	(616) 965-9700
Emergency Drill Log Sheets
Lighthouse Academy Brochure
To download your copy of the Lighthouse Academy Brochure, click 
HERE
.
You are here
Home
 » 
About
         			 		Learning Disability Eligibility        				
Specific Learning Disabilities Eligibility Process
The identification of Specific Learning Disabilities in CS Partners schools emphasizes the examination of the whole child. 
This examination is a process of data collection that includes multiple methods of assessing student performance with 
input from parents, teachers, instructional specialists, and school psychologists. The purpose of the evaluation is to 
surround the student of concern with the best and most comprehensive information possible to make valid and 
appropriate recommendations as to the student's eligibility for special education and, more importantly, educationally 
relevant recommendations for instructional strategies, supports and services. The following are essential components to 
be examined as part of the process of identification of a specific learning disability:
Begin with considerations of Instructional Quality: 
Federal law requires schools to ensure that students were provided 
with appropriate, evidence-based instruction that was delivered by a qualified teacher. The model begins with 
considerations as to the provision of quality instruction delivered by qualified teachers.
Level of Proficiency State Standards: 
Student progress in learning State standards is a fundamental consideration for 
instructional planning and for understanding student educational performance levels. The team considers the student's 
level of proficiency with State standards, as measured by State assessments and/or district benchmarking assessments.
Rate/Level of Progress: 
Data representing repeated measures of student performance provided to parents at regular 
intervals are required to determine the probability of a specific learning disability. Repeated measures of student rate/level 
of progress may include progress monitoring data, benchmark assessments, classroom assessments, or other measures 
that occur at reasonable intervals.
Teacher Support Team : 
Observation and interventions, whether formalized in school procedures or through teacher 
efforts to provide supplementary instruction, must be documented with attention to the fidelity of the efforts to impact 
student achievement.
Exclusionary Factors: 
Before making attributions of disability within the student, the team must consider all other factors 
that could explain the performance patterns and the lack of student response to instruction. The team must consider the 
student's progress in the context of his/her opportunity, past experiences, sensory, health, language, culture, and 
developmental challenges.
Diagnostic Achievement Testing: 
The comprehensive evaluation of the student must include normative measures to 
advance the understanding of why the student continues to have difficulty. The student must also be tested with an 
individually administered standardized achievement test to validate the samples of classroom assessment data with 
normative data.
Cognitive Testing: 
Before applying a categorical label to a student, the study of abilities must include testing of 
intelligence skills to identify patterns of strength and weakness that may further elucidate understanding of the student's 
learning difficulties.
Goodness of Fit to SLD Patterns: 
The test data are then analyzed relative to research-based clinical profiles of learning 
disabilities to determine a goodness of fit with existing models of learning disabilities. The team considers the 
relationships between areas of strength and area of deficit as they relate to our most current understanding of specific 
learning disabilities.
Lead Back to Quality Instructional Practice: 
The assessment must then lead to the development of educationally 
relevant recommendations for the student, whether determined eligible as a student with a Specific Learning Disability or 
not. The evaluation must lead to appropriate recommendations as to the best plan for instruction. Recommendations 
should not be limited to special education supports and programs but may include such recommendations as classroom 
accommodations or continued participation in the Teacher Support Team program.
News
Special Meeting of the Board of Directors
Lighthouse Enrolling NOW for 2016-2017 
Special Board Meeting Oct 27th
Special Meeting of the Lighthouse Academy Board of Directors
More
Links
MI School Data Portal     
www.mischooldata.org
Power School Parent Portal
Annual Education Report
Click on the campus to read this year's annual education report.
District Report
Main
 - 
North
Waalkes
 - 
Haven
St. John's
 - 
Pier
Eagle Village
Click 
HERE
 to View the entire report on the MI School Data website or 
HERE
 to view the report as a PDF
Integrity Educational Services
All hiring for Lighthouse Academy is made through Integrity Educational Services - to view open positions and apply, visit 
www.integrityedservices.org
.
	P. (616) 949 - 2287  l   F. (616) 949-2379  l  3330 36th St. SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49512   l   
www.lighthouseacademyschool.org
Theme by 
Danetsoft
 and 
Danang Probo Sayekti
 inspired by 
Maksimer