Sidebar
Menu
Why IntelliSchool
Online vs Traditional High School
GED vs High School Diploma
Enrollment
Pre-Enroll
Registration Info
Graduation Requirements
Locations
Chandler
Glendale
Metro Center
Paradise Valley
Accreditation
Calendar
About Us
Contact Us
Community Partners
GED vs High School Diploma
Earn Your High School Diploma at IntelliSchool
At IntelliSchool, we may approach high school a little bit differently, but we take this approach because we don’t believe the traditional high school model is a good fit for everyone. If you’re a student who needs something different, we want to give you options. While we offer a different approach to high school, you earn a traditional high school diploma with IntelliSchool, not a GED.  
How a High School Diploma Differs from a GED
A high school diploma is the gold standard to demonstrate you have developed the skills acquired in high school. A GED certificate is awarded to individuals that do not complete high school and are able to pass the General Education Development (GED) test. While most states and many federal programs recognize a GED as being equivalent to a high school diploma, data suggests distinct differences between GED recipients and high school graduates. Consider these points: 
If your goal is to continue your education beyond high school at a technical school, community college or four-year university, according to the National Bureau of Economic Research thirty-three percent of high school diploma holders receive a bachelor’s degree compared to less than five percent of GED holders
If your goal is to join the military, it is more difficult to join with a GED than it is if you have a high school diploma. As a GED holder, you are categorized as a Tier 2 applicant and must work harder to qualify. As a high school graduate, you are categorized as a Tier 1 applicant 
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, on average high school graduates earn about $1,600 more a month than those with a GED
These aren’t the only differences between a high school diploma and a GED. In general, high school graduates more consistently achieve in educational pursuits and have higher lifetime earnings.
If you are eligible to obtain a high school diploma, we encourage you to do so. IntelliSchool can be part of your journey toward high school graduation. If you’re ready to 
pre-enroll
, go ahead. You can also learn about our 
graduation requirements
 or 
registration process
.
Sidebar
Try Something Different
Upcoming Events
Memorial Day No School
May 25 - 
May 28				
End of the Quarter/Semester
June 14				
View All Events
Our Uniform
Why IntelliSchool
4 Hour School Days
Choose Your Session
Tuition Free
Self Paced
Computer Driven
Open Enrollment
Parent Access
Classroom Connector
Login
PASS
Chandler
Glendale
Metro
Paradise Valley
Staff Access
Login
Notices
Public Notices
Meeting Notices
Enrollment Office
2222 W. Northern Ave.
Suite A110
Phoenix, AZ 85021
602-564-7370 - phone
602-564-7371 - fax
enrollment@intellischool.org
Other contact info 
here
Follow Us
Intelli
School
 Inc.
Your Education. Your Way.
© Copyright 2017