Select a School					
Sequoia Schools
American Heritage Academy
Arizona Conservatory for Arts and Academics
Children First Leadership Academy
George Washington Academy
Pathfinder Academy
Sequoia Pathfinder Academy at Eastmark
Sequoia Charter School Elementary
Sequoia Charter School Secondary
Sequoia Choice - Arizona Distance Learning
Sequoia Choice Precision School
Sequoia Deaf School
Sequoia Lehi School
Sequoia Pathway Academy
Sequoia Village School
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
> Staff Login
Home
About SVS
Administration
Campus Map
Mindy Savoia’s Corner
Sequoia Wellness Policy
News
SVS TV
Photo Gallery
SVS TV Live
Calendar
Parents
Tips
Activities
Confidentiality of Student Education Records
Parents Right to Know Notification
Powerschool – Parents
Title 1 Funds
Student Pre-Enrollment Form
PTO
Parental Involvement Policy
School Parent Compact
Parenting!!! Does Not Come with Instructions!!
Students
Staff Directory
Bell Schedule
Teacher Pages
Lunch Menu
Student Dress Code
AIMS Testing
Student Survey (K-2)
Student Survey (3-12)
ICCP
Faculty
Faculty Email
Ultipro Portal
Powerschool – Teachers
Powerschool – Admin
Faculty Tech Support
Website Support
Facility Support
Faculty Resources
Field Trip Request Form
Donate
Donate Online
Contact SVS
Browse:
Home
About SVS
Mindy Savoia’s Corner
Mindy Savoia’s Corner
DID YOU KNOW?
Did you know that Sequoia Village School is an AdvancED accredited public charter school, entering its 15th year in the beautiful White Mountains of Arizona? 
From the start, Sequoia Village School has built its philosophy on accommodating all learning levels; we meet the child where he or she is and move each student from there.Our advanced students are still expected to make a minimum of one year’s growth whether they are working one, two, or three or more years ahead.
All students will be assessed in reading, writing, and math upon entering Sequoia Village School. There are multiple benchmark tests given throughout the year to ensure correct placement in classes. In addition, classroom formative and summative tests, projects, and teacher observations are readily employed.
Students who are advanced and highly motivated will have the opportunity to take classes at the internationally accredited Northland Pioneer College, thus earning high school and college credits at the same time. Sequoia Village School will pay for the classes, thus equating with scholarship money as prerequisites are taken care of before high school graduation.We are proud to say that we’ve had students enrolled in NPC classes as early as junior high and have had students graduate with one or two Associate Degrees,which is quite a feat!
Sequoia Village School utilizes a multi-age model of learning where differentiation of instruction and mentoring are the norm. Learning styles are the focus of our teaching styles. SVS teachers are highly qualified, holding a minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree; at least one-third of the staff has earned a Master’s Degree.
Since opening in 1998, Sequoia Village School has provided a culture of strong academics in a safe, fun, and nurturing environment. Students have always been encouraged to express their talents while benefitting from the many opportunities granted at SVS. As we embark on the expansion of our campus, we will strive to maintain the reputation of knowing our students and families of the present as we partner with community and educational leaders to contribute to the future. As the walls of our new building go up, walls within our community go down; we will be able to share our strengths with more students, families, and community members.
Administration
Campus Map
Mindy Savoia’s Corner
Sequoia Wellness Policy
	 © Copyright 2018 
Sequoia Charter School Secondary - 
Edkey® Inc.
982 Full House Lane,	    
Show Low,	    
AZ 
85901	  
 | Phone: 
(928) 537-1208	