Select a School					
Sequoia Schools
American Heritage Academy
Arizona Conservatory for Arts and Academics
Children First Leadership Academy
George Washington Academy
Pathfinder Academy
Sequoia Pathfinder Academy at Eastmark
Sequoia Charter School Elementary
Sequoia Charter School Secondary
Sequoia Choice - Arizona Distance Learning
Sequoia Choice Precision School
Sequoia Deaf School
Sequoia Lehi School
Sequoia Pathway Academy
Sequoia Village School
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
> Staff Login
Home
About SVS
Administration
Campus Map
Mindy Savoia’s Corner
Sequoia Wellness Policy
News
SVS TV
Photo Gallery
SVS TV Live
Calendar
Parents
Tips
Activities
Confidentiality of Student Education Records
Parents Right to Know Notification
Powerschool – Parents
Title 1 Funds
Student Pre-Enrollment Form
PTO
Parental Involvement Policy
School Parent Compact
Parenting!!! Does Not Come with Instructions!!
Students
Staff Directory
Bell Schedule
Teacher Pages
Lunch Menu
Student Dress Code
AIMS Testing
Student Survey (K-2)
Student Survey (3-12)
ICCP
Faculty
Faculty Email
Ultipro Portal
Powerschool – Teachers
Powerschool – Admin
Faculty Tech Support
Website Support
Facility Support
Faculty Resources
Field Trip Request Form
Donate
Donate Online
Contact SVS
For more news and articles about Sequoia Village School, 
please click here
.
AddThis Sharing Buttons
Share to Facebook
Share to Twitter
Share to Email
Share to More
Photo by Laura Singleton/The Independent
First ever Adopt A Cop demonstrates a bounty of appreciation
				Posted On: 2018-01-02 07:42 PM
From 
White Mountain Independent
...
				By Laura Singleton The Independent
How do you get 12 Christmas stockings to turn into 68 Christmas stockings?
It's so easy, it's almost magical.
All you have to do is let people know that the stockings are gifts of appreciation for members of local law enforcement.
This is how Kristi Davis of Lakeside created the first White Mountain "Adopt-A-Cop" event.
Davis, wife of a Pinetop-Lakeside police officer, knows first hand what it means to be in law enforcement. As such, she decided to find a way to publicly demonstrate the high level of respect, appreciation and love that the community has for these individuals.
Davis explained her motivation for creating "Adopt-A-Cop" — to show gratitude for those that do a dangerous job with courage, unwavering dedication and true responsibility.
"Our small community has had a rough year and has done a tremendous job showing support in times of crisis. My hope is to show the departments that we stand behind all of them in good times, not just when a crisis arises," said Davis.
"I watch these officers make sacrifices every day — giving up time with their families because every department is understaffed so they must work overtime.
"I watch them lose benefits and not receive pay raises because the towns and cities are in a budget crunch."
When The Independent asked her how Sequoia Village School became involved, Davis explained, "I originally was just going to do Pinetop PD because I know all of the officers. Then my friend, Heather Gray, (a teacher at Sequoia Village School), said the whole school would be willing to participate. So, I thought maybe I could recognize more than just Pinetop-Lakeside police department."
I talked with several other friends to see if they would be willing to help and they said yes. At that point, I decided we would shoot for 50 officers ... All told we have 'adopted' 68 officers."
The final presentation took place on Monday, Dec. 18 at 8 a.m. in the Sequoia Village School auditorium. Students from K-12 attended the presentation.
"The kids really got into it. They stuffed stockings and colored thank you cards before, during and after school," said Principal Mindy Savoia.
Savoia and the entire Sequoia Village Administration were just as excited as the student body when it came time to present the officers with their Christmas stockings. "It's so important for us to have community partnerships and we hope to be involved in many more like this," added Savoia.
Sequoia Village teachers Heather Gray and Kristen Orton worked behind the scenes with Davis.
"It was such a blessing for the children to be able to do this for the officers. They were so happy and so proud to be able to share this," Gray said.
When The Independent asked Davis if she had plans for future Adopt-A-Cop events, she said she hopes to include other jurisdictions and departments next year, adding to Navajo County Sheriff's Dept., Pinetop-Lakeside PD and Show Low PD.
Davis was overwhelmed with positive response as she visited local businesses asking for goodies to include in the Adopt-A-Cop stockings. Having said that, she wanted to make it known that the community was incredibly generous.
She relayed special thanks to Show Low Mayor Daryl Seymore for purchasing the commemorative coins.
Also, co-worker, Barbara Bruce of Navopache Electric Cooperative wrote "Honor the Fallen" poem which was read during the presentation by Sequoia teacher and retired Los Angeles, Calif., Deputy, Michael Pettit.
Guy Hatch of Show Low Ford donated all of the Thin, Blue Line stainless-steel coffee mugs.
Last but not least, said Davis, over 25 local restaurants donated gifts cards of various amounts.
Reach the reporter at 
lsingleton@wmicentral.com
				Photos: 
AddThis Sharing Buttons
Share to Facebook
Share to Twitter
Share to Email
Share to More
SVS TV
Photo Gallery
SVS TV Live
Home
ICCP
About SVS
News
Calendar
Parents
Students
Faculty
Donate
Contact SVS
	 © Copyright 2018 
Sequoia Charter School Secondary - 
Edkey® Inc.
982 Full House Lane,	    
Show Low,	    
AZ 
85901	  
 | Phone: 
(928) 537-1208	