About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
				How is MNOHS different?			
by MNOHS Executive Director Elissa Raffa
As a non-profit, teacher-led community school, MNOHS has invested in a very low student-teacher and student-counselor ratios. We do this so every student can get the attention he or she needs. Compare our student-teacher ratio (13:1) to the Minnesota average (16:1) or to other models of “virtual” learning (60:1, or worse).  
A major research report released in October 2015 raised serious concerns about cyber charter schools (see link below). As MNOHS' academic leader, I participated in a survey as part of that research--however, student achievement data from MNOHS was not used in the study because of the way the sample population was constructed.
Is MNOHS really different from the “cyber charters” included in the study? In most ways, yes. When accredited by NCA CASI (AdvancED) 2013, MNOHS received 
four strong commendations
. Exhibits exceptional commitment to help each student succeed as an individual is the one we’re most proud of. Here’s how we do it:
We make time for each student. The arithmetic is simple: Because MNOHS’ student-teacher ratio is low, we are able to connect one-on-one with each student. Our teachers and counselors develop significant learning relationships with students to help ensure each one’s success. Compare this to for-profit online programs that maximize profits for shareholders by assigning one teacher to hundreds of students.
We focus on active, connected learning. MNOHS students graph and interpret data using spreadsheets; develop geometric proofs using The Geometer’s Sketchpad; compose music using NoteFlight; practice drawing and painting techniques; conduct chemistry experiments at home and in an online virtual lab; edit photographs using Gimp; analyze poems, novels, primary source historical documents, and musical compositions; conjugate Spanish verbs; record field observations in geology or biology; write essays; and more—and they do it all from a distance, taking advantage of special software provided by MNOHS as well as resources in their own communities. MNOHS teachers are online with students each day, answering questions, pointing students toward new discoveries, providing feedback, and encouraging their learning growth. Students can also call, text or email their teachers, or drop in to the MNOHS Academic Support Center if they want to talk through a particular assignment or just to connect.
Teachers teach, parents parent, and everyone collaborates. In all educational settings, including high schools, parental involvement plays an important role in students’ success. Trusted adults in the lives of MNOHS students know their students well, can advocate for them if needed, can support good study habits, and can help them to remember why a high school diploma matters if their motivation sometimes falters. MNOHS teachers and counselors collaborate--as a professional team and with parents, guardians and other trusted adults--to identify and build on each student’s strengths. We offer online resources and frequent informational meetings for parents, but we never require parents to provide instruction.
Engagement and motivation
 is an issue--and self-advocacy may be an answer. Brian Gill, a Mathematica senior fellow and lead author of the report referenced below, said, “Challenges in maintaining student engagement are inherent in online instruction, and they are exacerbated by high student-teacher ratios and minimal student-teacher contact time." At MNOHS we have invested in low student-teacher ratios and close student-teacher relationships. In this context, we encourage students to advocate for themselves no matter what the issue. This is not what most students expect at high school, and it takes practice. The transformations we have witnessed when students join us in this approach are well worth the effort. At MNOHS we have time for each student--to learn each one’s story and help each one get where he or she wants to go!
 If you would like to discuss the study referenced below or related issues with MNOHS Executive Director Elissa Raffa, she can be reached at 800-764-8166 ext. 103 or 
e.raffa@mail.mnohs.org
.
https://credo.stanford.edu/pdfs/Online%20Press%20Release.pdf
MNOHS Blog Posts
How is MNOHS different?
Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar
Real learning
Autism Answers Month
Becoming good at OLL
Premium blend
On being seen
MNOHS Student Voices: Sophia Barsuhn
MNOHS Student Voices: Austin Tenter
Quality time
Badges then and now
A royal pain
My MNOHS!
LOL cats and MNOHS cats
In defense of the calendar
Students and parents talk
					"I wanted a school where I can do work at my own pace and not be stressed out over a complicated schedule of assignments. MNOHS is flexible, easy to use, and very welcoming. The faculty and staff are very informative when needed, very helpful, very friendly, and very involved, and very understanding--and that is a huge bonus." -Brandon							
					"I chose MNOHS because it presents me with the opportunity to work full time and also finish up my remaining credits. I landed an awesome job as an assistant at an engineering firm during the summer and I didn't want to give it up. Now I will be able to pay for my college as I go and not have to deal with debt." -Nikolet							
					"I just wanted to tell you a massive thank you. If it wasn’t for MNOHS I would never have discovered my passion for writing and for literature. MNOHS helped me improve my self-esteem so much and that is something which has benefited me on many levels not just academically." -Efi							
					"Thank you again for helping me grow as a learner in math and not giving up when I wanted to." -Naomi							
					"I really appreciate the comments left on my assignments. They help me a lot to stay motivated and on track.  And I also really appreciate that my teachers will help me work a little bit ahead so I can take a week or two off when my son arrives so I can adjust to being a mother!"  -Cassidy							
					"Thanks for giving Lindsay so many opportunities to express her opinions about the different issues in health class.  This led to many interesting and important discussions in our family. Because Lindsay is working in class right here at home, she tells me a lot more about what she is learning at MNOHS."  -Lori B.							
					"My son has made a wonderful progress and is doing so much better with MNOHS. He is developing a healthier schedule and he actually gets excited when he does his schoolwork which is a HUGE surprise for me ! I want to applaud your staff for all of their efforts. They are on top of it and motivate my son with positive reinforcement." -Franchesca							
					"Before I enrolled in the Student Leadership Experience Advisory, I did not realize that the staff is continuously looking at ways to improve the learning process for their students. I appreciated being able to sit in on meetings with school staff, to gain an understanding of their roles and responsibilities." -Trevor							
					"I want to take this time to tell you that this has been one of my favorite science classes (Chemistry) I have ever taken. It is so different, allowing me to learn at my own pace. I am able to do classwork without the distractions that other students at school.  I am definitely recommending MNOHS to my friends!" -Grace							
					"MNOHS works great for me! I have only half of my right leg and I've been suffering from problems that have hampered my ability to walk. It has truly been a blessing to be able to work towards my diploma from home. Even greater--I definitely don't have to worry about the stares of high school kids. The teachers here are incredibly encouraging." -Victoria							
					"I enrolled at MNOHS because it was too hard for me to concentrate in a classroom environment. I have slight ADD so it's really hard for me to pay attention. At least online I can work on my assignments and take a break before I have to finish them." -Mario							
					"MNOHS provides the only schedule that allows me to stay in a treatment program and still work on my high school degree. I'm having success in treatment for the first time and I'm proud of my accomplishments. I am a bright individual that looks forward to graduating from high school and hopefully gaining the confidence to go to college." -Kelli							
					"I would like to thank you for helping me understand what is needed to be said in an essay.  I was always aware of the three parts of an essay, but I was just unable to produce one that was any good. So again I thank you." -Dominic							
					"At MNOHS, I receive one on one attention from the teachers far superior to that of the traditional classroom of one teacher and 24 to 32 students. I believe I am learning so much more in this program than I did in the classroom because of the attention I receive from the teachers." -Eric							
					"My parents were pushing me to graduate and this program was sort of a last effort to finish up. I really struggled until I woke up to what I want. I want a better job and that's what this is all about for me." -Jason							
					"At my other school I felt that the class time was a lot of times wasted. The teachers were forever telling someone to be quiet, and having to reprimand someone else for their behavior. Online I am able to focus, get down to business, and finish without any interruptions. This is a better environment for me." -Jayna							
					"Having a chance to better my communication skills online has given me a greater confidence in my interactions with other people. I have seen significant changes in myself. I've seen growth as a thinker, learner, and writer." -Barbara							
					"All the replies to my assignments were very positive. Even when I needed to work on the lesson a little more there was no negativity in my teacher's suggestions. That's very good for me because I never much felt much support in high school it seemed all negative--so MNOHS was very refreshing." -Paul							
					"I finally realized that I want to go to college. Just about a month ago I was just going to finish high school and that was it. But after researching that project on computer engineering, I have found that that is really what I want to do. Thanks for all your encouragement. You saw something in me that I didn't see in myself." -Anna							
					"I miss working with you! I am grateful for the input you gave to me on my assignments. I learned a lot from the course and I developed my writing skills. Thank you for your encouragement. You guided me to learn and to share. I am starting to use these skills in communicating with others."   -Kristina							
					"In the beginning, I wondered what kind of teachers would teach via the computer. After working with you, I now know it takes a lot of talent to teach this way, especially when you consider all the different personalities and learning styles. On top of being extremely patient and caring, you are also very educated and true professionals in every sense of the word." -Adam							
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.