About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
Accredited quality, with four strong commendations!  Read more.
Hear about MNOHS’ positive impact on students and communities!
Now enrolling for Summer Session!  Click to learn more.
Summer Session 2018 runs June 13 - August 15.  Click for details!
Have fun, earn credit, online!   June 18-29, Mon - Fri, 11 a.m. - 1 p.m.   Click for details.
Enrolling at 
MNOHS
Summer Session begins
June 13.
Click to learn more!
Faculty & 
Staff
Frequently
Asked Questions
Course
Information
Try Us!
Sampler Course
Enroll at 
 MNOHS now!
Summer Session begins June 13. Confirmed enrollments will be accepted through June 13.
Click to learn more!
Why choose MNOHS?
An Outstanding Solution
Awards and Recognitions
Faculty and Staff
Online Learning at MNOHS
Proven Strategies
MNOHS Mission and Vision
FAQs
Before You Enroll
 Are you ready?
A Computer is Required
Enrolling at MNOHS
Now enrolling for summer courses!
Enrollment Application Form
What's next?
Course Schedule
Graduation Requirements
Course Descriptions
School Calendar
Policies and Handbook
Special Education Services
Board of Directors
School Authorizer
We have time for you!
As a non-profit, teacher-led community school, MNOHS has invested in a very low student-teacher and student-counselor ratios. We do this so every student can get the attention he or she needs. Compare our student-teacher ratio (13:1) to the Minnesota average (16:1) or to other models of “virtual” learning (60:1, or worse). 
We make time for each student. The arithmetic is simple: Because MNOHS’ student-teacher ratio is low, we are able to connect one-on-one with each student. Our teachers and counselors develop significant learning relationships with students to help ensure each one’s success
Read more about how MNOHS is different
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.