About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
Enrollment
Before You Enroll
 Are you ready?
A Computer is Required
Enrolling at MNOHS
Now enrolling for summer courses!
Enrollment Application Form
What's next?
				Now enrolling for summer courses!			
	Print
Summer courses run June 13 – August 15, 2018. 
Click for a course list.
Confirmed enrollments will be accepted through June 13.
All MNOHS students must have a computer, a high speed Internet connection, and a headset.  
If you have any questions about enrolling at MNOHS, please contact us at 
info@mnohs.org
 or 
1-800-764-8166 ext. 111.
To enroll in MNOHS summer courses complete these steps:
Submit the online Enrollment Application Form (choose the button below that matches your status).
Pay the tuition online or by check.
Return the forms we send you to confirm your enrollment.
Current comprehensive (MNOHS-only) students: You may be eligible for free tuition this summer. Please check with your counselor before submitting an application form or paying tuition.
Currently enrolled at MNOHS
You were enrolled at MNOHS during Quarter 4 (Spring 2018), or you are joining in the coming school year--AND you are not eligible for free tuition.  (Please contact your counselor to check.)  The cost is $280/semester course (0.5 credit).
Not currently enrolled at MNOHS
You have never been enrolled at MNOHS, or there has been a gap in your enrollment at MNOHS. 
The cost is $360/semester course (0.5 credit).
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.