About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
School Information
Course Schedule
Graduation Requirements
Course Descriptions
School Calendar
Policies and Handbook
Special Education Services
Board of Directors
School Authorizer
Board Meeting Schedule 2017-2018
July 18
August - no meeting
September 26
October 24
November 28
December 19
January 23
February 27
March 27
April 24
May 29 - Annual Meeting and Board Election
June 26
Board meetings can be attended online in our school webinar. 
Please click here to connect.
All board meetings are held from 7 p.m. – 9 p.m., unless otherwise noted, at 2314 University Ave Suite 10, St. Paul, MN 55114 and are open to the public.
Enroll at 
 MNOHS now!
Summer Session begins June 13. Confirmed enrollments will be accepted through June 13.
Click to learn more!
				Board of Directors			
	Print
The MNOHS Board of Directors includes members of the faculty as well as parent and community volunteers (see list below).
Click to view 
board meeting minutes
 of the past 12 months.
Click to view the 
2016-2017 Combined Annual Report
, which includes all required elements of a Charter School Annual Report and a World's Best Workforce Annual Report.
Click to view the MNOHS 
policy on the purchase of group health insurance
.
Copies of other board policies, previous annual reports and minutes of past meetings are available by request.  Please contact MNOHS at 
info@mnohs.org
For general inquiries about MNOHS, please email 
info@mnohs.org
 or call 800-764-8166 ext. 111.
Elissa Raffa has a B.S. in Secondary Science Education and an M.F.A. in Creative and Professional Writing, both from the University of Minnesota, and an M.Ed. in Educational Leadership from Bemidji State University. She is licensed as a school superintendent as well as a teacher of physics, chemistry and earth/space science. A founding director of MNOHS, Ms. Raffa has been active in arts education as well as science education. Before starting MNOHS, she developed and taught courses for seven years with the Mindquest Learning Network in Bloomington and for twelve years at Loring Nicollet Alternative School in Minneapolis. She served for three years on the Minnesota Online Learning Advisory Council and has been active state-wide in preparing pre-service and in-service teachers for the rigors of online education. During her first seven years at MNOHS, Ms. Raffa supervised the faculty and the learning program, and guided the development of high-quality, interactive online instruction and assessment in all content areas, using state-of-the-art technologies. She began serving as Executive Director in August, 2012.
Email: 
e.raffa@mail.mnohs.org
Anastasia Martin joined the MNOHS faculty in 2005 and the MNOHS board in 2014.  She has actively worked to develop and promote the school's success. In addition to developing and teaching social studies courses, she has served on the MNOHS Professional Development Committee; the Government Relations Committee of the National Council for the Social Studies (including one year as Chair); and on the District/Community Teaching and Learning Committee of her local school district. She has an MS in Public Policy and Administration, and two BA degrees, one in Social Sciences Education and one in Political Science. She has been teaching high school social studies since 1999. When she's not working, Anastasia loves to travel, spend time outdoors and read.
Term expires: June 2019
 Email: 
a.martin@mail.mnohs.org
Stephanie Snidarich is a licensed teacher, with multiple education degrees: BA in Art and art education, a minor in art history, and a PhD in Educational Psychology, Special Education. She joined the MNOHS faculty in 2005, the school’s first year of operation, and has since worked actively to develop and promote the school's success. Stephanie has also served as a MNOHS special education teacher and was a MNOHS parent.  In addition to her role as a Visual Arts teacher at MNOHS, Stephanie also works for an educational non-profit and is an educational researcher.  Stephanie has served as MNOHS board president and secretary.  This experience has provided her with knowledge about the cyclical duties of board governance, finance, and how a board contributes to the well-being and effectiveness of a school.
Term expires: June 2019
 Email: 
s.snidarich@mail.mnohs.org
Barbara Bridges has been an artist and a teacher/college professor for over 40 years. Her social practice sculptures have been exhibited in Maine, Miami, the Virgin Islands, Maryland, Chicago, Mexico, Spain, Canada, and throughout Minnesota. Barbara taught K-12 art in Minnesota, Maine, and the Virgin Islands and has twice been named the Art Teacher of the Year in Minnesota. As an arts educator, Barbara has partnered with various Minnesota institutions including the Minneapolis Public Schools, the Perpich Center for Arts Education, the Walker Art Center, the Minneapolis Institute of Art, the Weisman Museum, and the Minnesota Museum of Art. The online curriculum site and discussion group, ArtsNet Minnesota, came out of those collaborations. Barbara has served as a professor for twenty years at the University of Minnesota and Bemidji State University where she has taught Foundations of Education, Human Relations, and Critical and Creative Thinking. She served as the architect of the unique DLiTE Program (Distributed Learning in Teacher Education), a hybrid online K-8 teacher licensure partnership program, and the FasTrack secondary initiative designed for previously degreed candidates who wish to teach high school. These programs were the first online teacher licensure programs in the nation. Barbara's newest project is the founding of the non-profit Art To Change The World, which seeks to engage artists, scientists, educators, change makers and all supporters at the intersection of art and science. 
Term expires: June 2018 
Email: 
b.bridges@mail.mnohs.org
A friend of MNOHS since 2008, Sarah Carsello has a B.A. in Marketing from the College of St. Scholastica.  She worked at MNOHS for over five years in various technology capacities ending her role there as the school's Technology Manager.  She is currently working as an IT Asset Management Coordinator at Hennepin Healthcare. She has experience in the areas of nonprofits, state government, healthcare, community service, education, policy development, public relations, communication, fundraising, and special events.
She brings to the board a strong understanding of the efforts that go into making the school operate and the depth of the decisions that are required to run an online school. She has vast skills in group facilitation, improvisational public speaking, and creative problem solving.
Term expires: June 2019
Email: 
sm.carsello@mail.mnohs.org
Debbie Ferm is a licensed special education teacher in the areas of learning disabilities and emotional/behavior disorders. She has been working with students with disabilities since 2006, when she completed the licensure program at Augsburg College in Minneapolis. Prior to that, Ms. Ferm earned a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin – Eau Claire, and spent several years at home raising her children. Debbie is an avid reader and writer, and is passionate about sharing her love of books with her students.
Term expires: June 2020 
Email: 
d.ferm@mail.mnohs.org
Denise Meyer has a BA in Psychology from the University of Minnesota and works in the field of early childhood education.  She is the enthusiastic parent of a MNOHS student, has been an online student herself, and has joined the board to serve in an outreach/advocacy role.
Term expires: June 2020
 Email: 
d.meyer@mail.mnohs.org
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.