Camden's Pride Charter Elementary
Just another Camden's Charter School Network Sites site
Home
About Us
School Facts
Hours of School
Pride Administration
Board of Trustees
Photo Gallery
Student Code of Conduct
Transportation
Choose the Best
Lottery Dates
Choose the Best (Apply Now)
Academic & Guidance
Calendar
Activities
Before & After School Care
Field Trips / Assemblies
Staff
Staff E-Mail
Real Time Access
Google Apps
Staff Directory
Technology Help Desk
Facilities Help Desk
Virtual Desktop
Educational Technology Resources
Professional Development
Library
Parents & Students
Economic Toolkit for Parents
Virtual Desktop
Real Time
Google Apps
Technology Resources
Lunch Menu
Staff Directory
Forms, Notices and Students
School Year Calendar
Contact Us
Board of Trustees
July 10, 2017
Promise @ 5:00 PM
Promise Main Campus
879 Beideman Avenue
Camden, NJ 08105
Chief School Administrator
Dr. Conway
Dr. Joseph Conway is currently the co-founder of Camden’s Promise Charter School, Camden Academy Charter High School and Camden’s Pride Charter School. Dr. Conway received his doctorate from Teacher’s College, Columbia University in 2004. Additionally he has an M.A in Secondary Science Education from City College in New York, as well as a dual degree in Biology and in Theology from St. Joseph’s University in Philadelphia. Dr. Conway was introduced to the urban environment through Teach for America when he spent five years teaching in the South Bronx from 1992-1997. Since that time, he has dedicated his life to the education of urban youth in America.
Additionally, Dr. Conway teaches at Holy Family University, as a graduate professor, mentors other charter school principals and administrators, and serves on non-profit boards.
President
Mrs. Zulma Lombardo
A native to Camden, Zulma Gonzalez-Lombardo graduated Summa Cum Laude in 2005 with a master’s degree in Organizational Development and Leadership from the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine (PCOM). With a career spanning over 28 years, her work in social service and organizational development began in 1987 at Volunteers of America – Delaware Valley, Inc (VOADV). During her tenure at VOADV, one of the largest nonprofit human services organizations in the tri-state area, Zulma held a number of positions, including executive coordinator to the President/ CEO. In 2005, she left VOADV to complete her master’s degree, and later launched a high-impact advisory service firm, Zed Management Consultancy, LLC in 2007. During this time she has worked with organizations in nonprofit, for profit, education, and health care sectors, facilitating improvement of administrators, operations executives and teams. Married to Daniel L Lombardo, Zulma has two daughters, Zulina Gonzalez and Yesenia Rivera, and two grandchildren.
Secretary
Ms. Richelle Baughn
Richelle Baughn is the Business Administrator for Camden’s Pride Charter School, Camden’s Promise Charter School and Camden Academy Charter High School. Ms. Baughn has earned her MBA from Eastern University.
Treasurer
Mr. Wayne Scott
Members
Ms. Corynda Hagamin
Ms. Hagamin received her MA in Clinical-Counseling Psychology from La Salle University and is a Licensed Associate Counselor. She holds positions as Assistant Director (La Salle University), Primary Therapist in New Jersey, and Adjunct Psychology Faculty (University of Phoenix, Philadelphia Campus).
Ms. Lorraine Johnson
Ms. Johnson is a graduate of Camden Catholic High School and is a parent representative from Camden’s Pride Charter School and Camden’s Promise Charter School.
Mrs. Maria Maldonado
Mrs. Maldonado was born in the Bronx, NY, but moved to Camden as a small child. She is happily married woman, who has raised three young men. Her two oldest boys are currently in college. Her youngest child is in middle school at Camden’s Promise. Ms. Maldonado is a parent that strongly encourages education in the lives of her boys. Ms. Maldonado served as an executive assistant for sixteen years and is now the office manager at Paris Food Corporation.
Ms. Vivian Nieves
Vivian Nieves has been a life-long resident of Camden City. She is the proud parent of twins, currently attending Camden’s Promise, and a senior and a sophomore, currently attending Camden Academy. Formerly, Nieves served as a certified nursing assistant (CNA) at the Woodland Care Center, now the Abigail House for Nursing and Rehabilitation. After leaving the Woodland Care Center in the late 90’s, she is now the owner of a barber shop in East Camden where she works as a licensed cosmetologist. Nieves is also the director of a local food pantry called Mission Hope.
Mr. Octovio Loyola
Mr. Octovio Loyola was born in New York and raised in Puerto Rico. He studied at Catholic University in Puerto Rico and obtained his B.A. in Physical Education. He is married and has two daughters. Once daughter attends Camden’s Promise and one attends Camden’s Pride. Currently, Mr. Loyola is a Director of a Early Childhood Learning Center.
Mrs. Glenda Figueroa
Mrs. Figueroa is a Camden City resident, born and raised. She is happily married with three beautiful children who attend Camden’s Promise Charter Middle School and Camden’s Pride Charter Elementary School. As a parent she encourages education and supports her children to do their best. She is a graduate from Camden Rutgers University with a Bachelorettes degree in Psychology, is employed as a Social Service Worker and is a member of Lion of Judah AG Church. Mrs. Figueroa passions are helping others, spending time with her family, reading and exercising.
Ms. Shelly Jones
Ms. Jones is a graduate of Camden Catholic High School. She is a parent of two Camden Academy Charter High School alumni.
Mrs. Dayna Hinson
Search for:
2017 – 2018 District Calendar
Camden’s Charter Network
Pride Elementary School
Promise Middle School
Academy High School
Katz Academy
HIB
Social Links
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
GOOGLE
Calendar
<<
May 2018
>>
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
										29									
										30									
										1									
										2									
										3									
										4									
										5									
										6									
										7									
										8									
										9									
										10									
										11									
										12									
										13									
										14									
										15									
										16									
										17									
										18									
										19									
										20									
										21									
										22									
										23									
										24									
										25									
										26									
										27									
										28									
										29									
										30									
										31									
										1									
										2									
News & Events
No events
Camden's Charter School Network: 879 Beideman Avenue • Camden, NJ 08105 • (856) 365-1000
Camden’s Charter Network
Pride Elementary School
Promise Middle School
Academy High School
Katz Academy