Capable   Confident   Contributing
Home
For Parents & Students
Family Handbook
Computer Use Agreement
Dress Code
Faculty Information
Carson Smith Special Education Scholarship
Site Advisory Council (SAC)
Bell Schedule
Weekly Newsletters
Guidance Services
Lunch Program
Breakfast Menu
Lunch Menu
Student Calendar
SIS Login for Parents
Student Medical
Volunteers
Student Drop-off and Pick-up
Expansion Renderings
Child Find
Data Security
For Faculty
Teacher Log In
Faculty E-mail Login
Calendars
Employee Handbook
SIS Login
Staff Handbook
About Us
Lakeview Academy Charter
Enrollment Info
Registration Forms
Lottery Registration
Lottery Status
Curriculum
Assessments
Facebook Link
Employment Opportunity
Fingerprinting Services
Space Center
School Land Trust
Board of Trustees
Board Members
Board Meetings
Board Policy
Welcome
Our Mission
Lakeview Academy's mission is to develop Capable, Confident, and Contributing members of society through learning experiences which foster growth, creativity and character development.  These "three C's" are an integral part of the purpose and design of our program and the school takes great pride in developing these noble qualities in our students.
Capable: A student who is knowledgeable, inquisitive, and an open-minded problem solver.
Confident: A student who is able to approach situations with courage, integrity and a strong sense of self-worth.
Contributing: A student who is caring, responsible and proactive in his/her family and community.
Our Philosophy
Lakeview Academy believes that learning should be exciting and never-ending.  Thus, our primary goal is to help our students and their families embrace the idea that learning is a life-long joyful experience which extends beyond the classroom.  We strive to create a learning environment that is fun and exciting as well as challenging.  In addition to traditional teaching methods, the school's students gain knowledge from hands-on experience, reflection, and real-life application of things they have learned in the classroom.  Collectively, these varied learning experiences result in authentic understanding gained from personal knowledge.  The arts, technology and community service are fundamental dimensions of this experience.  Rich opportunities for experiencing these areas are integrated throughout the school program and provide students with a distinct and useful understanding of the world around them.  The school also encourages and provides opportunities for students to use the "three C's" to make a difference in their community and become productive members of society.
Tweet
Log your Volunteer hours
C
lick the image to log in your hours.
Volunteer Opportunities
SafeUT
Click here to enter SafeUT app
Pay Online
Lunch
Misc Fees
Jog-a-thon Donation
Weather
Forecast
Radar
Cameras
527 W 400 N Saratoga Springs, UT 84045
Phone: (801) 331-6788
Fax: (801) 331- 6792
Office Hours: 
Monday - Thursday 
7:30am - 3:30pm
Friday 7:30am - 12:30pm