Search
View Original
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
Guest
 | 
Login
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##									
			    {1}							    
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
Departments
Athletics 
Food Services
Human Resources
Special Education
Student Support Services
Technology Services
About Us
Mission
Our Philosophy
The History Of Detroit Community Schools
Wall Murals & Rock Carvings
Chief Administrator Officer's Message
Curriculum
Our Schools
High School
Elementary/Middle School
2013 - 2014 DCS Student/Parent Handbook
Unexcused Class Absences
Professional Development Schedule
Parent Involvement Plan
Enrollment
Our Admissions Policy
Why you should choose Detroit Community Schools
DCS Application Cover Letter/Enrollment Lottery Notification
Detroit Community Schools Enrollment Application
Calendar
District Calendars
Emergency Drill Schedules
Athletics
Administration
Leadership Biographies
AER - Annual Education Report
DCS Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
Reports
2017-18 Asbestos Official Notification
DCS School Policy Notice
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
DCS Contracts
From Our Authorizer
Board of Directors
Detroit Community School Board Members
2017 - 2018 Meetings
2016 - 2017 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2015 - 2016 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2014 -2015 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2013-2014  Schedule of Regular Meetings
2012-2013 Board of Directors Schedule of Regular Meetings
DCS Board Member Applications
News
What's New
Archived News
Emergency Announcements
Mission
Our Philosophy
The History Of Detroit Community Schools
Wall Murals & Rock Carvings
Chief Administrator Officer's Message
Curriculum
Detroit Community Schools
 » 
About Us
 » 
Our Philosophy
Our Philosophy
The DCS Whole Child Educational Philosophy
1. SUPPORTIVE RELATIONSHIPS
Webelieve students and their family members should encounter caringadults who understand and value their culture and who recognize theimportance of forging supportive relationships as a basis for alllearning. We work to realize this aspiration by:
•    Training teachers and staff to understand our students’ culture and to serve as  effective mentors.
•    Providing every student with access to a counselor, mentor or social worker.
•    Maintaining small class sizes.
•    Working with family members and care-givers as partners in their child’s education.
2. HIGH ACADEMIC EXPECTATIONS
Webelieve that all students should be prepared to enter college, pursue acareer or engage in other forms of meaningful work in our ever-changingglobal society. We work to realize this aspiration by:
•    Offering rigorous academic programs that will help all students meet state requirements.
•    Carefully monitoring and working to advance the academic progress of each student.
•    Offering Advanced Placement courses and other opportunities for students who want to do extra college preparatory work.
•    Exposing students to various career and world of work opportunities.
3. HEAD, HEART AND HANDS 
Webelieve student achievement and life skills are enhanced through awell-rounded curriculum that integrates social, artistic andexperiential learning methods. We work to realize this aspiration by:
•Training our elementary school teachers to integrate artistic andexperiential methods in the teaching of traditional subjects.
•Integrating project based learning and studio courses (such as visualarts, music, drama, sculpture, wood working and metal working) into ourcore 6th through 12th grade curricula.
•    Providing a wide array of extracurricular activities.
•    Using collaborative teaching teams to develop curricula and improve teaching skills.
4. SAFE, SECURE AND COOPERATIVE ENVIRONMENT
Webelieve students learn best in an environment that is physically andemotionally safe and in a school culture that fosters cooperation,responsibility and self-discipline. We work to realize this aspirationby:
•    Establishing a clear code of conduct and holding students accountable for their actions.  
•    Having trained security and mentoring staff present at all times.
•    Engaging students as allies in the process of creating a safe and secure environment.
•    Fostering a school-wide culture of self-discipline, collaboration and mutual respect. 
5. COMMUNITY CONNECTIONS
Webelieve in contributing to the well-being of the wider community and increating new learning opportunities for our students and their familiesthrough partnerships with other community-based organizations. We workto realize this aspiration by:
•    Forging partnerships with other institutions in order to expand learning opportunities for our students.
•    Offering community-based apprenticeships, internships, or projects for our students
•    Creating educational and enrichment opportunities for our student’s families and caregivers.
•    Fostering understanding of and care for our natural environment among our students.
Detroit Community Schools
12675 Burt Rd, Detroit MI 48223 | Phone (313) 537-3570
Website by 
SchoolMessenger Presence
.  © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.
Budget and Salary/Compensation Transparency Reporting
MI School Data