Search
View Original
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
Guest
 | 
Login
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##									
			    {1}							    
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
Departments
Athletics 
Food Services
Human Resources
Special Education
Student Support Services
Technology Services
About Us
Mission
Our Philosophy
The History Of Detroit Community Schools
Wall Murals & Rock Carvings
Chief Administrator Officer's Message
Curriculum
Our Schools
High School
Elementary/Middle School
2013 - 2014 DCS Student/Parent Handbook
Unexcused Class Absences
Professional Development Schedule
Parent Involvement Plan
Enrollment
Our Admissions Policy
Why you should choose Detroit Community Schools
DCS Application Cover Letter/Enrollment Lottery Notification
Detroit Community Schools Enrollment Application
Calendar
District Calendars
Emergency Drill Schedules
Athletics
Administration
Leadership Biographies
AER - Annual Education Report
DCS Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
Reports
2017-18 Asbestos Official Notification
DCS School Policy Notice
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
DCS Contracts
From Our Authorizer
Board of Directors
Detroit Community School Board Members
2017 - 2018 Meetings
2016 - 2017 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2015 - 2016 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2014 -2015 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2013-2014  Schedule of Regular Meetings
2012-2013 Board of Directors Schedule of Regular Meetings
DCS Board Member Applications
News
What's New
Archived News
Emergency Announcements
High School
Elementary/Middle School
2013 - 2014 DCS Student/Parent Handbook
Unexcused Class Absences
Professional Development Schedule
Parent Involvement Plan
Detroit Community Schools
 » 
Our Schools
 » 
Elementary/Middle School
Elementary/Middle School
2015 - 2016 School Improvement Plan (Elementary / MiddleSchool)
H1N1
Detroit Community Schools Announces a Green Science Fair! DetroitCommunity Schools will be holding a school-wide Green Science Fair on May21-23,2013. All students in Kindergarten through Eleventh grade willparticipate with projects that demonstrate the breadth of the students'knowledge in life and earth sciences, as well as green energy applications.Projects that demonstrate solar and wind energy, ecology projects which arepart of the school's outdoor classroom, water resources projects, avianstudies, pollinator studies and energy conservation projects are all part of thescheduled events. 
Detroit Community Elementary School (Kindergarten throughFifth grade) will host the Science Fair Open House on Wednesday, May 22 from1:30 pm to 3:30 pm. Parents and friends will be welcome to go to theirstudent's classroom from 1:30­ 2:45 pm to view their own child's classroom andthe projects the students created. Baby chicks, butterflies, frogs and variouseco-systems are all part of the projects on view; Then at 2:45 pm, all parentsand friends are welcome to view the other classroom projects. The event willclose at 3:30 pm. Middle and high school students (Grades 6-11) semi-finalistswill compete on May 23 from 8:30 am to 11:00 am in the school cafeteria. 
Theprojects will be judged by a panel of individuals including board members, arepresentative from the Honors College from Eastern Michigan University, andstaff members at Detroit Community Schools. There will be one overall winnerfor each grade level from 6 through 11. Parents of the semi-finalists areencouraged to attend on May 23. All of the semi-finalists entries will be ondisplay outside the gym after the competition. Please be sure to drop by andsee the students' work! 
Resources
Brightmoor Bikes and Trailers
Anotherafter school entrepreneurial program was established that trains middleschool students in bicycle repair and maintenance.  DCS students havean opportunity to “Earn-a-Bike” at the end of the school year.This program, in conjunction with the Brightmoor Alliance is intended tohelp  create a “bicycle community” in the Brightmoor area of Detroit.In addition to providing our students with a marketable skill, it alsoaddresses the issue of poor public transportation in this area ofDetroit. As in all of our other Extended Day Activities, participatingstudents must attend school regularly and not violate the student codeof conduct.
Brightmoor Woodworkers
TheBrightmoor Woodworkers program is a DCS student led/student runbusiness that produces high quality, hand crafted wooden signage forsale in the community. The program incorporates workforce skilldevelopment out of the apprentice, journeyman and master model andrequires those students who have attained proficiency in their craft tobecome peer trainers for the next round of students.  For instance, highschool students will be responsible for teaching middle schoolstudents. The academic design component features applied mathematics,geometry and entrepreneurship.As in all of our other Extended Day Activities, participating studentsmust attend school regularly and not violatethe student code of conduct.
Environmental Learning Laboratory
TheEnvironmental Learning Laboratory at Detroit Community Schools providesan outdoor classroom space for students and faculty to extend in-classacademic work by utilizing project-based, experiential learning.  TheLaboratory has been built by DCS students over the past six years,transforming a former industrial storage yard into a beautiful andfunctional part of our campus.  Facilities include:•solar pavilion and weather station•greenhouse•teaching garden;•gazebo structure offering a place for classes to be held•storage area•small orchard•bird and butterfly sanctuary, as well as a nature path.The area provides several different habitats for students to study andobserve as well as active areas for learning horticultural skills.  Amarket garden is currently being constructed that will feature producegrown in raised bed gardens that will be for sale through a CSA (aconsumer cooperative which will be available to families and staff).Subjects that are available to be taught in the area includeenvironmental studies; ecology; biology, life sciences, soil sciences,geology, climatology and green and sustainable energy.  The schoolsponsors high school students to work in the Laboratory each summer toextend the facilities that are offered.  In addition, a number ofprojects in Kindergarten through 12th grade are demonstrated in theLaboratory as part of our Green Science Fair in the spring of theacademic year.
Sphinx Violin
ADetroit based not for profit, Sphinx, provides free violin education toour 2nd and 3rd grade students. The program consists of classes 2 daysper week.
YDS Chess
DetroitCommunity Schools are using the services of Youth Development Services,Inc. (YDS).  The YDS Chess programs use computer technology to maximizethe effectiveness of their accomplished, knowledgeable and ranked chesstrainers.  Our students learn by interacting directly with theinstructor during the online classes in an informative and funenvironment.  Students are also able to use the YDS Chess server to playchess matches outside of class.  Then the YDS staff can review thematches to check student progress.  Learning chess rules and strategiesteaches students critical thinking skills and strategy and improvesfocus, patience, responsibility and sportsmanship.  Many prominenteducators feel that chess programs improve student’s math and readingscores.Currently, the YDS chess program is an after school program.  We areworking to integrate the program into the elementary school curriculum.In the future, students will represent the Detroit Community schools inchess tournaments around the city.
Detroit Community Schools
12675 Burt Rd, Detroit MI 48223 | Phone (313) 537-3570
Website by 
SchoolMessenger Presence
.  © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.
Budget and Salary/Compensation Transparency Reporting
MI School Data