Home
Our School
About NSA
CEO's Welcome
About Us
NSA FOIA Processes & Procedures
Staff Directory
Location & Transportation
NSA Safety Drill
Transparency Report
Academics
Montessori
Elementary
Middle School
High School
Academic Partnership
Student Life
Our Different Programs
NSA Activities
K-12 Handbook
Bell Schedule
Admissions
Admissions Overview 2018 – 2019
Transcripts From NSA
Parents
For Parents & Students
Supporting North Star Academy
Board Of Directors
News & Calendar
May Lunch Menu
NSA Academic Calendar
Student Directory Information Policy and Opt-Out
Contact
Contact North Star Academy
North Star Academy Employment Opportunities
Menu
Home
Our School
-- About NSA
---- CEO's Welcome
---- About Us
---- NSA FOIA Processes & Procedures
---- Staff Directory
---- Location & Transportation
---- NSA Safety Drill
---- Transparency Report
-- Academics
---- Montessori
---- Elementary
---- Middle School
---- High School
---- Academic Partnership
-- Student Life
---- Our Different Programs
---- NSA Activities
---- K-12 Handbook
---- Bell Schedule
Admissions
-- Admissions Overview 2018 – 2019
-- Transcripts From NSA
-- Parents
---- For Parents & Students
---- Supporting North Star Academy
---- Board Of Directors
News & Calendar
-- May Lunch Menu
-- NSA Academic Calendar
-- Student Directory Information Policy and Opt-Out
Contact
-- Contact North Star Academy
-- North Star Academy Employment Opportunities
Montessori
Pre-K - 6th Grade
Montessori Overview
Our montessori program emphasizes social development. 
North Star Montessori
Guided by the Montessori philosophy, North Star Montessori Academy gently helps children learn how to learn in a secure, prepared environment. We strive to lay a firm foundation for them to become confident, caring and successful human beings.
Moves learning from concrete to abstract
Facilitates a natural love for learning
Seeks to educate the whole child
Abstains from rewards
Focuses on the individual child and their potential
Age Group:
3-5 Years to 6th Grade
Class Size:
20 Children
Pricing:
Monthly, $560 (Pre-K Only)
There is no tuition for K-6th
Schedule:
Monday-Friday
8:30am - 3:40pm
From Concrete To Abstract
One of the first things you will notice about the Montessori environment is how most of the materials and subject matter is moved from the concrete to the abstract. The child is able to interact with concepts and ideas rather than simply memorize facts. 
A Natural Love For Learning
The Montessori materials naturally bring about the inquisitive nature of the child and allows them to think of new ways to do things. They open up the child to learn for themselves. It teaches them how to discover, but doesn’t give a step-by-step direction.
Individual Attention
In a Montessori environment, all students can meet their full potential and work at their own pace. They don’t have to wait for other students to catch up or feel like a failure for not understanding the project at hand. Each child learns differently and at a different pace.
I love the idea of following the child, it’s hard to adjust from our society that demands the child adapt to the adult’s pace- but once you begin you really see how much more the child sees, enjoys, and discovers about the world!
Fredric Greene
Montessori takes the child’s education outside of the classroom.
Patricia Morgan
I’ve seen Montessori affect how my child interacts with others, the freedoms he has in the home, and how it has taught him to care for himself.
Joann Simms
Montessori teaches children to be active participants in their learning environment.
Shelia Perry
Questions and Answers
Montessori History
Dr. Montessori first became interested in education while caring for mentally challenged children in a psychiatric clinic in Rome. Her innovative practices, including a combination of sensory-rich environments and hands-on experiential techniques, soon elicited positive learning behaviors from children previously left behind by society.
Montessori continued shaping her learning model by opening “A Children’s House” in 1907 for impoverished pre-school children. Her philosophy, materials, and practices have spread around the globe and have been implemented in a variety of cultural settings. As more and more schools incorporated core elements of the Montessori model – multi-age classrooms, early childhood education, prepared environments – her namesake method became widely recognized as being ahead of its time.
Montessori Today
Remarkably, Maria Montessori’s visionary ideas remain viable concepts that have profoundly influenced the entire educational landscape.
Today Dr. Montessori’s visionary ideas flourish as the cornerstone of a thriving educational practice. There are thousands of Montessori schools in the U.S. including hundreds of programs in public and charter schools. North Star Academy is proud to be one of these exceptional schools to be offering Montessori education options.
In the 21st century, AMS celebrated its 40th anniversary. Is supports a membership of more than 9,000 members and over 900 member schools throughout the United States.
North Star Montessori & Kindergarten
– Quality Pre-school, DK, K Programs
– K-12 Tuition Free
– 285 Students On A single Campus
– Michigan PUBLIC Charter School
– Authorized By Northern Michigan University
Operating on the principle of freedom within limits, North Star Academy Montessori Schools inspire children to work at their own pace, alone or with others. Our teachers encourage the growth of self-motivated, independent children by balancing active, self-directed learning with small group collaboration and peer teaching. 
Classes comprise a range of ages and abilities. Older, more experienced children take on the role of peer mentors, reinforcing their own skills and experiencing the responsibilities of leadership through helping others. Younger children, in turn, enjoy the daily stimulation of older role models, while children of all ages learn to respect each other in an atmosphere of acceptance and joy.
How to Enroll Your Child to a Class?
Learn More
About Us
A competitive Pre-K - 12 small learning community focusing on hands-on academics, integrating our global environment and the arts and technology to successfully prepare our graduates to be contributing members of society.
NSA Features
Small Class Sizes
Montessorri Classrooms
Differentiated Instruction
K-12 Art & Music
K-12 physical education
K-12 German language and culture program
T-I Compensatory Education
Inclusive Special Education
National School Lunch Program
Countywide Transportation
CONNECT WITH US
North Star Montessori Academy
3030 Wright St
Marquette, MI 49855
Phone: 906.226.0156
Fax: 906.226.0167
Office Hours: 8:00am-4:30pm M-F
Transparency
.
MI Dashboard
North Star Montessori Academy | 3030 Wright St. | Marquette, MI 49855 | P: 906.226.0156 | F: 906.226.0167
© 
North Star Montessori Academy
 | Authorized by 
NMU
			×            