Home
Our School
About NSA
CEO's Welcome
About Us
NSA FOIA Processes & Procedures
Staff Directory
Location & Transportation
NSA Safety Drill
Transparency Report
Academics
Montessori
Elementary
Middle School
High School
Academic Partnership
Student Life
Our Different Programs
NSA Activities
K-12 Handbook
Bell Schedule
Admissions
Admissions Overview 2018 – 2019
Transcripts From NSA
Parents
For Parents & Students
Supporting North Star Academy
Board Of Directors
News & Calendar
May Lunch Menu
NSA Academic Calendar
Student Directory Information Policy and Opt-Out
Contact
Contact North Star Academy
North Star Academy Employment Opportunities
Menu
Home
Our School
-- About NSA
---- CEO's Welcome
---- About Us
---- NSA FOIA Processes & Procedures
---- Staff Directory
---- Location & Transportation
---- NSA Safety Drill
---- Transparency Report
-- Academics
---- Montessori
---- Elementary
---- Middle School
---- High School
---- Academic Partnership
-- Student Life
---- Our Different Programs
---- NSA Activities
---- K-12 Handbook
---- Bell Schedule
Admissions
-- Admissions Overview 2018 – 2019
-- Transcripts From NSA
-- Parents
---- For Parents & Students
---- Supporting North Star Academy
---- Board Of Directors
News & Calendar
-- May Lunch Menu
-- NSA Academic Calendar
-- Student Directory Information Policy and Opt-Out
Contact
-- Contact North Star Academy
-- North Star Academy Employment Opportunities
CEO's Welcome
North Star Montessori Academy
The difference here is our community.
More than 15 years after its founding, North Star Montessori Academy continues to educate today’s students who will become tomorrow’s leaders.
If you take a moment to observe our community here, I know that you will agree that North Star Montessori Academy is a uniquely structured place! Our academic program is remarkably deep and broad, our mission-based teachers and staff enable students to explore their passions at a very high level with peers who share the same interests. Our professional staff is readily available and cares deeply about our students. All of this takes place in small classrooms and a tightly knit community to allow the opportunity for optimal growth and education with a focus on individual care of each student.
I hope you get a sense of the camaraderie that distinguishes North Star Montessori Academy in this community, and the dynamic people who make it all possible. North Star’s students and parents have a genuine connection and engagement with the school community because they find it to be an environment that is stimulating, challenging and fun!
I personally welcome you to visit us in person and see for yourself what North Star Montessori Academy education looks like.
Sincerely, 
Joe Kukulski, CEO/Superintendent
Email Joe Kukulski
Friendly atmosphere plus individual care.
Autonomy plays a key role.
As self-governing entities, charter schools have the autonomy to make quick, effective changes to meet students’ specific needs, which helps improve student achievement.
APPLY TODAY
Environmental Focused Instruction
One of the most important things we can teach our children, is to learn from and protect the world we live in.
Child Centered
With small class sizes, each child gets the individualized attention he or she needs.
Service Learning
North Star believes in empowering students to make a positive impact in their community.
Project Based Learning
North Star incorporates learning through the process and enjoyment of project building.
Dedicated classrooms with dedicated educators.
At North Star Montessori Academy, an emphasis is put on involvement throughout the entire support system.
Charter schools hold students, teachers and parents accountable for improving student achievement. Charter schools can be created by parents, a team of teachers, a community organization or a university.
LEARN MORE
About Us
A competitive Pre-K - 12 small learning community focusing on hands-on academics, integrating our global environment and the arts and technology to successfully prepare our graduates to be contributing members of society.
NSA Features
Small Class Sizes
Montessorri Classrooms
Differentiated Instruction
K-12 Art & Music
K-12 physical education
K-12 German language and culture program
T-I Compensatory Education
Inclusive Special Education
National School Lunch Program
Countywide Transportation
CONNECT WITH US
North Star Montessori Academy
3030 Wright St
Marquette, MI 49855
Phone: 906.226.0156
Fax: 906.226.0167
Office Hours: 8:00am-4:30pm M-F
Transparency
.
MI Dashboard
North Star Montessori Academy | 3030 Wright St. | Marquette, MI 49855 | P: 906.226.0156 | F: 906.226.0167
© 
North Star Montessori Academy
 | Authorized by 
NMU
			×            