Home
Our School
About NSA
CEO's Welcome
About Us
NSA FOIA Processes & Procedures
Staff Directory
Location & Transportation
NSA Safety Drill
Transparency Report
Academics
Montessori
Elementary
Middle School
High School
Academic Partnership
Student Life
Our Different Programs
NSA Activities
K-12 Handbook
Bell Schedule
Admissions
Admissions Overview 2018 – 2019
Transcripts From NSA
Parents
For Parents & Students
Supporting North Star Academy
Board Of Directors
News & Calendar
May Lunch Menu
NSA Academic Calendar
Student Directory Information Policy and Opt-Out
Contact
Contact North Star Academy
North Star Academy Employment Opportunities
Menu
Home
Our School
-- About NSA
---- CEO's Welcome
---- About Us
---- NSA FOIA Processes & Procedures
---- Staff Directory
---- Location & Transportation
---- NSA Safety Drill
---- Transparency Report
-- Academics
---- Montessori
---- Elementary
---- Middle School
---- High School
---- Academic Partnership
-- Student Life
---- Our Different Programs
---- NSA Activities
---- K-12 Handbook
---- Bell Schedule
Admissions
-- Admissions Overview 2018 – 2019
-- Transcripts From NSA
-- Parents
---- For Parents & Students
---- Supporting North Star Academy
---- Board Of Directors
News & Calendar
-- May Lunch Menu
-- NSA Academic Calendar
-- Student Directory Information Policy and Opt-Out
Contact
-- Contact North Star Academy
-- North Star Academy Employment Opportunities
About North Star Montessori Academy
Located In Beautiful Marquette, Michigan
Successfully preparing our graduates to be contributing members of society.
North Star Montessori Academy offers Montessori Pre-K through 6th grade, and student-centered learning for grades 8th through 12th.
North Star offers parents and students a small, personalized and project based learning environment and is also tuition free. Our Mission – A competitive Pre-K – 12 small learning community focusing on hands-on academics, integrating our global environment and the arts and technology to successfully prepare our graduates to be contributing members of society. Our school day runs from 8:30 AM – 3:40 PM
Apply Today
North Star Montessori Academy Focus
Environmental Focused Instruction
One of the most important things we can teach our children, is to learn from and protect the world we live in.
Child Centered
With small class sizes, each child gets the individualized attention he or she needs.
Service Learning
North Star believes in empowering students to make a positive impact in their community.
Project Based Learning
North Star incorporates learning through the process and enjoyment of project building.
History Of North Star
Who Is North Star?
What Is North Star?
History of North Star Montessori Academy (NSMA) was established as an alternative high school in 1994 and became a Public School Academy, chartered by Northern Michigan University in 1997. Today NSA serves students of all academic abilities in grades Pre-K – 12. Despite operating in a region of declining enrollment, school enrollment continues to grow and the school is seen as a viable ‘school of choice’.
The school is built on the Principles of the Coalition of Essential Schools (CES) and became an accredited member of CES in 2002. “Essential schools” share a set of ideas known as principles and seek to lower teacher’s student loads, personalize teaching and curriculum, and make students’ work the center of classroom activity. They award diplomas based on curriculum mastery not seat time. They aim to create an atmosphere of trust and respect for the school, faculty, students, and parents, and to model democratic practices and honor diversity.
In 2006, North Star Montessori Academy moved into a brand new facility located in Marquette. The building was designed and decorated by students-for students. It features classrooms whose size can be manipulated, wireless internet, and a colorful scheme. The building compliments the school’s goals to promote project based learning, teamwork and technology skills.
North Star Montessori Academy is a public school chartered by Northern Michigan University, serving grades Pre-K – 12. North Star Academy offers parents and students a small, personalized and project based learning environment and is also tuition free.
Parents and guardians interested in enrolling their children at North Star Montessori Academy need to complete an application, which can be obtained below or by calling the school’s main office. The application may be returned to the school via email, fax or mail. Upon receipt, a North Star Academy administrator will call to arrange an informational meeting. 
For the 2017-2018 school year, we only have a limited number of enrollment spots. In accordance with charter school law, students completing the school year are guaranteed a spot for the next year if their re-enrollment form is completed and turned into the office. If there are any openings, siblings of enrolled students have the next opportunity to fill slots. If slots still exist new students are accepted. For grade levels with more applicants than spots, a waiting list will be created.
2018-2019 REGISTRATION PACKET
APPLY NOW
Why Choose North Star?
Things To Know About Charter Schools
Independent Schools
Charter schools are independent public schools that are open to all students, regardless of income, gender, race or religion. Fifty-eight percent of charter school students are minority and 52 percent are eligible for free and reduced-price lunch.
Choice
Charter schools are schools of choice that provide a high-quality option to families who are dissatisfied with their traditional district school or are looking for another option.
Accountability
Charter schools exist under a contract with an authoritative public body, such as a state or local school board, that hols the charter school accountable for results.
Tax Funded
Charter schools run independently of traditional school districts, yet since they are public schools they are funded by tax-payer money. Charter schools have their own school boards.
Autonomy
As self-governing entities, charter schools have the autonomy to make quick, effective changes to meet students’ specific needs, which helps improve student achievement. 
Involvement
Charter schools hold students, teachers and parents accountable for improving student achievement. Charter schools can be created by parents, a team of teachers, a community organization or a university.
Freedom
Charter schools have the freedom to reward teachers with higher pay when the teachers have met the needs of their students. They also have the freedom to release those who do not. 
Closing The Gap
Many charter schools are helping to close the achievement gap for low-income and minority students. For many students and parents, charter schools are providing quality options and raising the bar in public education.
About Us
A competitive Pre-K - 12 small learning community focusing on hands-on academics, integrating our global environment and the arts and technology to successfully prepare our graduates to be contributing members of society.
NSA Features
Small Class Sizes
Montessorri Classrooms
Differentiated Instruction
K-12 Art & Music
K-12 physical education
K-12 German language and culture program
T-I Compensatory Education
Inclusive Special Education
National School Lunch Program
Countywide Transportation
CONNECT WITH US
North Star Montessori Academy
3030 Wright St
Marquette, MI 49855
Phone: 906.226.0156
Fax: 906.226.0167
Office Hours: 8:00am-4:30pm M-F
Transparency
.
MI Dashboard
North Star Montessori Academy | 3030 Wright St. | Marquette, MI 49855 | P: 906.226.0156 | F: 906.226.0167
© 
North Star Montessori Academy
 | Authorized by 
NMU
			×            