Skip over navigation
ICAN Schools
Enroll
Donate
Curriculum
Contact
Site Search
					About Us
							About I CAN SCHOOLS
							Mission & Vision
							Our History
							Board of Directors
							FAQs
							I CAN Athletics
									Athlete Forms
									Athletic Department Directory
											Forms
									Athletics News
									Sports by Season
									Athletics: A Look into Our Future
									Testimonials
							Curriculum & Instruction
							Requests for Proposals
					Our Schools
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
											Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School: High School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
									Akron Preparatory School
									Canton College Preparatory School
					News & Events
							Featured News
							E-Newsletter
							Media & Press
							Press Releases
							Blog
					Parents
							Enrollment
									Indiana Orientation Form
							Parent Resources
							Transportation
							Uniform Expectations
							Student Data Release
							Calendar
							Child Find
					Careers
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
									Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program Application
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
Lake Erie Preparatory School 
14405 St. Clair Avenue
Cleveland, OH 44110 
216.453.4556 (office)
216.268.5941 (fax)
lakeerieprep.org
Serving grades K-8
Located in historic South Collinwood
Art, Spanish, PE & Music programs
Free after-school tutoring
Extracurricular activities
Located in Historic South Collinwood
Lake Erie Preparatory School (LEP) educates scholars in grades kindergarten through eighth grade to prepare them for success in not only college, but also in life. We are located in the historic South Collinwood neighborhood on Cleveland’s Eastside.
A Private School Experience at a Public School Cost
Lake Erie Preparatory School gives families the option to have a private school experience at a public school cost. We offer a rigorous curriculum that will prepare all scholars for a college preparatory high school and then college. In order for all scholars to be successful we provide free after-school tutoring and Saturday school sessions to assist them with achieving high results.
In addition to the core academic classes, we also provide instruction in Spanish, Physical Education, Art and Music to all scholars, Kindergarten through Eighth grade. These classes provide the scholars with an outlet to allow their creative sides to shine.
Arts & Music
We also have programs throughout the year that brings the school together and gives scholars an opportunity to perform for one another. With our music program, all scholars participate in a winter and spring choral performance that has become quite popular with our students and families. As well, our scholars participate in an annual poetry contest. The performance venue mimics a setting in a small café in Paris entitled "Café LEP".
Extra-Curricular Activities
All scholars are also given the opportunity participate in extra-curricular activities. We currently offer basketball, cheerleading, dance team and student council. In 2013 – 2014, we offered band to our extra-curricular activities; this has the scholars incredibly excited. At Lake Erie Prep, we want to ensure that each scholar is getting the most out of his/her experience with us.
Helping Student Choose the Right College
At Lake Erie Preparatory School, we provide our scholars with the opportunity to tour different local colleges and universities. This opportunity to see a college or university in real-time brings the idea of attending college tangible. By the time your son/daughter is promoted from the eighth grade, he/she will have visited over 30 colleges! This rich experience will help your son/daughter choose the "just-right" college.
Fully Trained Staff
Lake Erie Preparatory School has a fully trained and licensed staff that receives intense training prior to working with our scholars. We are fortunate that our teachers come from all different parts of the United States and bring with them their unique experiences. In addition to the training that teachers receive over the summer, our staff receives weekly professional development led by the building level leaders. This professional development affords the staff the opportunity to stay up to date on the most effective teaching practices.
Safe, Supportive & Structured
Families that choose to send their children to Lake Erie Preparatory School will be choosing a school with an environment that is safe, supportive and structured. We believe in being a school that is caring and friendly, but also firm, consistent and strict with regard to academics and behavior. We know this balance will create well-rounded scholars that will be prepared for success in college and beyond.
A Typical Day for a K-8 Student
Additional Information
PBIS
The school has adopted the State of Ohio’s policy for the use of positive behavior intervention supports and the use of restraint and seclusion. OAC 3301-35-15
Main Office
21100 Southgate Park Blvd.
Cleveland, OH 44137
1-888-977-ICAN (4226)
info@icanschools.org
Navigate
Home
About Us
Our Schools
History
Press
Enrollment
Curriculum
Featured News
E-Newsletter
Leadership
Donate
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2011 - 2018 I CAN SCHOOLS. All rights reserved.
Web Design + Development by Next Level Interactive
loading