Skip over navigation
ICAN Schools
Enroll
Donate
Curriculum
Contact
Site Search
					About Us
							About I CAN SCHOOLS
							Mission & Vision
							Our History
							Board of Directors
							FAQs
							I CAN Athletics
									Athlete Forms
									Athletic Department Directory
											Forms
									Athletics News
									Sports by Season
									Athletics: A Look into Our Future
									Testimonials
							Curriculum & Instruction
							Requests for Proposals
					Our Schools
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
											Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School: High School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
									Akron Preparatory School
									Canton College Preparatory School
					News & Events
							Featured News
							E-Newsletter
							Media & Press
							Press Releases
							Blog
					Parents
							Enrollment
									Indiana Orientation Form
							Parent Resources
							Transportation
							Uniform Expectations
							Student Data Release
							Calendar
							Child Find
					Careers
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
									Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program Application
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
High School Business Literacy Instructor 
I CAN SCHOOLS is seeking a highly qualified Business Literacy instructor to educate our scholars on business systems and their place in the nation’s economy. Duties include providing knowledge needed for intelligent consumption of business services; developing practical business skills for personal use or for use in business occupation and encouraging scholars to develop work and personal habits essential for success in business. The ideal candidate will create a positive learning environment to facilitate the personal, social, and intellectual development of scholars. In order to respond to the individual needs and abilities of scholars, the classroom instructor must work closely with other staff, administration, and parents.
About I CAN SCHOOLS
I CAN SCHOOLS is a non-profit, charter school management organization created in 2010 by the founding leaders of a highly successful, award-winning, urban school in Cleveland, Ohio. The mission of I CAN SCHOOLS is to prepare students for a college preparatory high school that ensures acceptance and graduation from a four year college and/or university. I CAN SCHOOLS is dedicated to providing all students with an education that supersedes standards of excellence. To learn about more about I CAN SCHOOLS visit us on the web at 
www.icanschools.org
.
Expectations
Being a teacher for I CAN SCHOOLS is incredibly rewarding and requires candidates to possess an extraordinarily strong work ethic. A teacher for I CAN SCHOOLS can expect to work extended hours, create and sustain a quality learning environment where high academic and behavioral expectations are the norm, achieve high test scores, and be a healthy addition to our adult learning communities. We are seeking teachers who will "sweat the small stuff" and have a "no excuses" attitude. Teachers will be expected to do "whatever it takes" to close the achievement gap. I CAN SCHOOLS teachers must be able to work in a fast-paced environment where accountability and high expectations are upheld at all times.  I CAN SCHOOLS teachers must possess a philosophy that 100% of our students will attend and graduate from a four year college and/or university.
Specific Responsibilities
Convey and give practical      exhibitions for implementation on the concepts of financial literacy 
Teaching basic advertising skills      including but not limited to; marketing research, public relations,      analytical thinking, as well as strong communication and negotiation      skills
Increase student’s awareness and knowledge      of entrepreneurship skills
Informing scholars about the step by      step principles of marketing
Use assessment data to refine      curriculum and inform instructional practices
Participate in collaborative      curriculum development, grade-level activities, and school-wide functions
Communicate effectively with      students, families, and colleagues
Remain highly organized and meets      deadlines 100% of the time
Create intentional lesson plans that      support academic rigor and student engagement
Be relentless, serious and focused 
Qualifications
Proven track-record of high      achievement in the classroom
Mastery of and enthusiasm for      academic subjects
Evidence of self-motivation and      willingness to be a team player
Bachelor’s degree is required;      Master’s degree is preferred
Minimum of one year teaching      experience in an urban public or charter school setting preferred, but not      required
Valid State Certification is required
 Belief in and alignment with I CAN      SCHOOLS mission and vision is non-negotiable.
All Pre K- 3 Teachers must meet the requirements of Ohio      HB 555 – The Third Grade Guarantee 
The Future of I CAN 
In 2013-2014 I CAN SCHOOLS expanded its locations to Maple Heights, Akron, and Canton, Ohio in addition to its already existing 4 campuses located in Cleveland. I CAN SCHOOLS will be expanding out of state in 2015-2016 to service the needs of the Chicago area, with plans to open 4 campuses in the heart of the city. Local colleges and universities have partnered with I CAN SCHOOLS to provide teachers with a quality internship experience, ultimately driving student performance.  I CAN SCHOOLS will continue its commitment, in collaboration with school leaders, classroom teachers and support staff, to obtain federal and local grants to assist with future network growth and financial needs to continue on the path of success as a high performing network of schools.
Compensation
I CAN SCHOOLS offers an exceptional benefit package to all full time employees through Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield of Ohio that include, medical, dental and vision. This package is one of the most competitive benefit packages offered to employees in the Cleveland area. I CAN SCHOOLS pays 90% of employee premiums only leaving employees to pay a minimal 10% premium each month.  Employees participate in Ohio SERS (state employee retirement system). Additionally, I CAN SCHOOLS pays a 14% contribution to SERS and employees contribute a minimal 11%. I CAN SCHOOLS salary is competitive and ranked above most high performing charter schools in the State of Ohio.
Working Conditions
I CAN SCHOOLS boast meticulously clean buildings, intentionally placed print, and an extremely safe teaching environment. All classroom teachers are equipped with the tools needed to succeed, including a dedicated work space, laptop computer, a network wide email account, high-speed internet access, and all necessary teaching supplies.  I CAN SCHOOL buildings are Wi-Fi accessible for use with all mobile devices.
Bonus Opportunities and Extras
At I CAN SCHOOLS we offer a stipend for teaching Saturday School and summer student recruitment. In addition to that, teachers have the opportunity of earning a yearly bonus through a teacher referral program. I CAN SCHOOLS also has many opportunities for athletic coaching in the areas of basketball, track, cheerleading, and competitive hip-hop dance.
Why I CAN
I CAN SCHOOLS value its employees by providing meaningful and intentional administrative coaching dedicated to transforming teachers into master educators. I CAN SCHOOLS builds and maintains a professional and healthy adult learning community by entertaining several social events throughout the school year, hosting school retreats, and presents teacher of the year for each campus.
To Apply 
Visit 
www.icanschools.org/employment
 under the careers tab!
Main Office
21100 Southgate Park Blvd.
Cleveland, OH 44137
1-888-977-ICAN (4226)
info@icanschools.org
Navigate
Home
About Us
Our Schools
History
Press
Enrollment
Curriculum
Featured News
E-Newsletter
Leadership
Donate
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2011 - 2018 I CAN SCHOOLS. All rights reserved.
Web Design + Development by Next Level Interactive
loading