Skip over navigation
ICAN Schools
Enroll
Donate
Curriculum
Contact
Site Search
					About Us
							About I CAN SCHOOLS
							Mission & Vision
							Our History
							Board of Directors
							FAQs
							I CAN Athletics
									Athlete Forms
									Athletic Department Directory
											Forms
									Athletics News
									Sports by Season
									Athletics: A Look into Our Future
									Testimonials
							Curriculum & Instruction
							Requests for Proposals
					Our Schools
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
											Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School: High School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
									Akron Preparatory School
									Canton College Preparatory School
					News & Events
							Featured News
							E-Newsletter
							Media & Press
							Press Releases
							Blog
					Parents
							Enrollment
									Indiana Orientation Form
							Parent Resources
							Transportation
							Uniform Expectations
							Student Data Release
							Calendar
							Child Find
					Careers
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
									Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program Application
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
Beginning Strings Music Teacher 
I CAN SCHOOLS is seeking a music teacher specializing in beginning strings and group instruction to collaborate with members of our music education team. Responsibilities include teaching general music and implementing a beginning strings program into elementary and middle school grade levels. The ideal candidate will provide high-quality musical experiences that engage students through disciplined practice, teamwork, and skill building. This individual will play a key role in designing the artistic and educational arc of the programs, leading the string students as well as helping to facilitate community and family involvement among participants. He or she will also create syllabi and lesson plans that are creative and engaging and employ solid pedagogical practices.
About I CAN SCHOOLS
I CAN SCHOOLS is a non-profit, charter school management organization created in 2010 by the founding leaders of a highly successful, award-winning, urban school in Cleveland, Ohio. The mission of I CAN SCHOOLS is to prepare students for a college preparatory high school that ensures acceptance and graduation from a four year college and/or university. I CAN SCHOOLS is dedicated to providing all students with an education that supersedes standards of excellence. To learn about more about I CAN SCHOOLS visit us on the web at www.icanschools.org.
Expectations
Being a teacher for I CAN SCHOOLS is incredibly rewarding and requires candidates to possess an extraordinarily strong work ethic. A teacher for I CAN SCHOOLS can expect to work extended hours, create and sustain a quality learning environment where high academic and behavioral expectations are the norm, achieve high test scores, and be a healthy addition to our adult learning communities. We are seeking teachers who will "sweat the small stuff" and have a "no excuses" attitude. Teachers will be expected to do "whatever it takes" to close the achievement gap. I CAN SCHOOLS teachers must be able to work in a fast-paced environment where accountability and high expectations are upheld at all times.  I CAN SCHOOLS teachers must possess a philosophy that 100% of our students will attend and graduate from a four year college and/or university.
Specific Responsibilities
Collaborate with other music teachers to create a shared curriculum, pedagogy, and culture consistent with the artistic and social goals of the program
Develop a curriculum that provides opportunities for students from the in-school strings program to perform together with Cleveland area music education programs
Develop and prepare an appropriate, varied and challenging repertoire
Participate in professional development
Facilitate peer learning experiences among students
Administer formative and summative student evaluations
Communicate regularly with other teachers, on-site staff, and parents
Maintain inventory, repair, and maintenance of instruments
Qualifications
Strong commitment to the artistic and social goals of our program
Four year undergraduate degree or equivalent required; post graduate degrees in music education or equivalent experience preferred
Strong knowledge of general music education pedagogy required; certifications in Suzuki, Orff, Kodaly, or Dalcroze  is a plus
2-3 years teaching groups of students or conducting ensembles
Ability and curiosity to adapt existing knowledge to new practices, willingness to experiment, reflect, inquire, and adapt practices according to the needs of students
Excellent leadership and communication skills with the ability to work with a diverse group of constituents
The Future of I CAN
In 2013-2014 I CAN SCHOOLS expanded its locations to Maple Heights, Akron, and Canton, Ohio in addition to its already existing 4 campuses located in Cleveland. I CAN SCHOOLS will be expanding out of state in 2015-2016 to service the needs of the Chicago area, with plans to open 4 campuses in the heart of the city. Local colleges and universities have partnered with I CAN SCHOOLS to provide teachers with a quality internship experience, ultimately driving student performance.  I CAN SCHOOLS will continue its commitment, in collaboration with school leaders, classroom teachers and support staff, to obtain federal and local grants to assist with future network growth and financial needs to continue on the path of success as a high performing network of schools.
Compensation
I CAN SCHOOLS offers an exceptional benefit package to all full time employees through Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield of Ohio that include, medical, dental and vision. This package is one of the most competitive benefit packages offered to employees in the Cleveland area. I CAN SCHOOLS pays 90% of employee premiums only leaving employees to pay a minimal 10% premium each month.  Employees participate in Ohio SERS (state employee retirement system). Additionally, I CAN SCHOOLS pays a 14% contribution to SERS and employees contribute a minimal 10%. I CAN SCHOOLS salary is competitive and ranked above most high performing charter schools in the State of Ohio.
Working Conditions
I CAN SCHOOLS boast meticulously clean buildings, intentionally placed print, and an extremely safe teaching environment. All classroom teachers are equipped with the tools needed to succeed, including a dedicated work space, laptop computer, a network wide email account, high-speed internet access, and all necessary teaching supplies.  I CAN SCHOOL buildings are Wi-Fi accessible for use with all mobile devices.
Bonus Opportunities and Extras
At I CAN SCHOOLS we offer a stipend for teaching Saturday School and summer student recruitment. In addition to that, teachers have the opportunity of earning a yearly bonus through a teacher referral program. I CAN SCHOOLS also has many opportunities for athletic coaching in the areas of basketball, track, cheerleading, and competitive hip-hop dance.
Why I CAN
I CAN SCHOOLS value its employees by providing meaningful and intentional administrative coaching dedicated to transforming teachers into master educators. I CAN SCHOOLS builds and maintains a professional and healthy adult learning community by entertaining several social events throughout the school year, hosting school retreats, and presents teacher of the year for each campus.
To Apply
Send resume and cover letter to Adrienne Lombardi, Director of Talent Recruitment at 
alombardi@icanschools.org 
Main Office
21100 Southgate Park Blvd.
Cleveland, OH 44137
1-888-977-ICAN (4226)
info@icanschools.org
Navigate
Home
About Us
Our Schools
History
Press
Enrollment
Curriculum
Featured News
E-Newsletter
Leadership
Donate
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2011 - 2018 I CAN SCHOOLS. All rights reserved.
Web Design + Development by Next Level Interactive
loading