­
Select Language
​
▼
Academic Calendar
Let's Talk!
Handbook
Wellness Policy
School Cafe
Our Schools
Skyward
Voly
Home
About
About Us
News
Extracurricular Activities
Academics
Academics
Calendars
Curriculum
Special Programs
T-STEM
Parents
Students
Admissions
Admissions
Apply Now
FAQ
Staff
Staff Quick Links
Employee Portal
Harmony Dashboard
JobTraQ
Operations Dashboard
Purchase Order
School Dude
Staff Email
TEAMS ESC
Workshops
Careers
About Us
Home
 About Us
Quality Public Charter Education
Harmony School of Science - Houston is a K - 8th public charter school providing a high-quality education option for students in the surrounding areas. Our school is a part of the state-wide Harmony Public Schools system.
 Harmony Public Schools is a system of 54 Texas public charter schools that provides rigorous, high-quality education focused on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math.
Our Mission
Harmony prepares each student for higher education by providing a safe, caring and collaborative atmosphere. Our curriculum features a quality, student-centered educational program with a strong emphasis on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics.
Our Vision
Harmony’s vision is to lead our students from the classroom into the world as productive and responsible citizens.
About Harmony
At Harmony Public Schools any student can apply for enrollment at one of our 54 campuses statewide, and — if selected in the blind lottery — attend. Families also do not pay tuition, since the cost is covered by the state just like a traditional public school.
Our Districts
In the year 2000, Harmony Public Schools opened its first school in Houston, Texas and still houses central administration in the Houston area. Since expanding, Harmony has grown into all major areas of Texas, forming six distinct regions (or districts). 
		STEM Focus	
Harmony’s STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) curriculum is student-centered and inquiry-based and emphasizes mastery of 21st century skills that all students will need to be successful in college and career.
What is a Charter School?
Our schools are open-enrollment public charter schools. Our students are public school students and, just like in local ISD schools, no family pays tuition for their student to attend. We fall under the oversight of the 
Texas Education Agency
and operate according to Texas charter school regulations.
High Standards | Quality Education
The Faculty, Staff, and Administrators at Harmony are caring, competent, dedicated, and always ready to assist you. We pride ourselves on providing the best possible learning climate to our students.
Our Commitment
With less than 26 students per class, each classroom becomes a lively community. Our 1:12 faculty-student ratio ensures ample attention for each student. We cherish the privilege of inspiring our students to follow their dreams!
Discipline with Character
The character education program instills values like accountability, compassion, integrity, tolerance, and leadership, and reaffirms our strength as a drug free, gang-free, peer pressure-free, bully-free, truancy-free, fight-free, and crime-free environment.
Community Involvement
By visiting students at home, our teachers help build strong communication with families. Teachers share student progress, programs and planning with parents; parents provide personal feedback, and students improve academically as well as socially.
Partnering with Parents
Family involvement is shown to improve student academic improvement, school attendance, and decrease discipline problems. We invite all parents and guardians to volunteer at their campus today!
Communication and Safety
Harmony communicates with parents via email, telephone, the Wednesday Envelope, and with its comprehensive web site. By communicating quickly, the Administration at HPS sees to the progress, high attendance, and safety of students.
Music and Drama
Students enjoy playing the English flute and piano keyboards and activities such as talent shows, school dances, and performances at school.
Field Trips | Activities
Field trips help students learn by seeing: trips to museums, Galveston, Houston, Austin, and San Antonio show students the breadth of their State. We don't forget the fun: activities like camping, bowling, laser tag, picnics, and barbecue parties are also on the agenda!
Advanced Academic Services
HPS offers an array of opportunities geared to our gifted and talented students: The school-wide enrichment model (SEM), summer/Saturday programs, mentoring, ability grouping, independent study/research projects, and enhancement programs for creativity/thinking skills.
Science & Technology Projects
Science Fair is a tradition at HPS: every student is required to do a research project. These projects are an enrichment activity, a family experience, an early start to academic work, an opportunity to develop a portfolio, a reference for the best colleges, and a way to establish connections.
After School Clubs
We offer after school programs with clubs for Arts and Crafts, Basketball, Computer Programming, Board Games, Movie, Math Counts, Journalism, and Music.
Now Accepting Applications for 2018 - 2019 Enrollment
		Apply Here
Harmony School of Science - Houston
5435 S. Braeswood Blvd Houston, Texas 77096
Grades
K - 8th
Phone
(713) 729-4400
            Social:            
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
LinkedIn Icon
Contact Us
Our Geographic Boundaries
Anonymous Reporting
If you are experiencing a problem with bullying at Harmony, or have other discipline-related concerns regarding one of our schools, please fill out the form at the link below for the Dean of Students.
Bullying Report Form
HPS Child Find Policy
It is the policy of the Harmony Public Schools to ensure that
All children with disabilities enrolled in the charter school regardless of the severity of their disability, and who are in need of special education and related services, are identified, located, and evaluated; and
A practical method is developed and implemented to determine which children are currently receiving needed special education and related services.
These requirements apply to:
Homeless children;                            
Children who are wards of the state;
Highly mobile children (including migrant children); and
Children who are suspected of being in need of special education but who areadvancing from grade to grade.
20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(3)(A); 34 CFR 300.111(a)(1)(i), (c).
Non-discrimination Statement as Part of the School's Admission Policy
                                It is the policy of HPS not to discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, or disability in its programs, services, or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies, please contact Section 504/ADA Coordinator at (713) 343-3333 located at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S. Houston, TX 77099.                            
Non-discrimination Statement in Career and Technical Education Programs
          HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS offers support to school district for career and technical education programs in Agriculture, Food, and Natural Resources; Architecture and Construction; Arts, Audio/Video Technology, and Communications; Business Management and Administration; Education and Training; Finance; Government and Public Administration; Health Science; Hospitality and Tourism; Human Services; Information Technology; Law, Public Safety, Corrections, and Security; Manufacturing; Marketing; Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics; Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics.  Admission to these programs is based on enrollment in HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS secondary schools.
 It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex or handicap in its CTE programs, services or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap, or age in its employment practices as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS will take steps to assure that lack of English language skills will not be a barrier to admission and participation in all educational and CTE programs. 
For information about your rights or grievance procedures, contact the Title IX Coordinator, CHARLES LAMBERT, and/or the Section 504 Coordinator, IHSAN KARA, at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Phone: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Aviso de No discriminación en los Programas de Educación Profesional y Técnica
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony ofrecen programas vocacionales en Agricultura, Alimentación y Recursos Naturales; Arquitectura y Construcción; Artes, Tecnología de Audio / Video y Comunicaciones; Administración de Negocios y Administración; Educación y Entrenamiento; Finanzas; Gobierno y Administración Pública; Ciencias de la salud; Hospitalidad y Turismo; Recursos Humanos; Tecnología de la  Información; Derecho; Seguridad Pública, Correccionales y Seguridad; Manufactura; Mercadeo; Ciencias, Tecnología, Ingeniería y Matemáticas; Transporte, Distribución y Logística. La admisión a estos programas se basa en el número de estudiantes de secundaria registrados en las  Escuelas Públicas Harmony. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo o impedimento, en sus programas, servicios o actividades de CTE, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo, impedimento o edad, en sus procedimientos de empleo, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, la ley de Discriminación por Edad, de 1975, según enmienda, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony tomarán las medidas necesarias para asegurar que la falta de habilidad en el uso del inglés no sea un obstáculo para la admisión y participación en todos los programas educativos y CTE.
 Para información sobre sus derechos o procedimientos para quejas, comuníquese con el Coordinador del Título IX, CHARLES LAMBERT, y/o el Coordinador de la  Sección 504, IHSAN KARA, a la siguiente dirección: 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Teléfono: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Website Accessibility
Harmony Public Schools (“Harmony”) is committed to making the information on its website accessible to individuals with disabilities in compliance with the requirements of Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader, eye tracking device, voice recognition software, etc.) and have difficulty accessing information on the Harmony website, please contact HPS Webmaster by email at 
accessibility@harmonytx.org
 . Please include the following when communicating with Harmony regarding accessibility issues:
A description of your accessibility concern.
The format in which you prefer to receive the materials.
The web page address of the requested material(s).
The best way to contact you (email address or phone number, or both).
Harmony will make appropriate accommodations to facilitate access to any website content.
Complaints regarding website accessibility may be filed by members of the community through the Public Complaint process outlined in Board Policy PG-1.12 (Public Complaints). Additionally, students and parents may file a complaint regarding website accessibility through the Student and Parent Complaint/Grievances process outlined in Board Policy PG-3.30.
Please note that some pages on the Harmony website contain links to third-party sites, which are not within Harmony’s control. If you notify Harmony of problems with accessing a third-party site that is necessary to participate in one of Harmony’s programs or activities, we will make the material or information available in an accessible format.
Ⓒ	2018 
 Harmony Public Schools
 All Rights Reserved.
Back To Top
Original text
Contribute a better translation
Lightbox Previous
Lightbox Next