­
Select Language
​
▼
Academic Calendar
Let's Talk!
Handbook
Wellness Policy
School Cafe
Our Schools
Skyward
Voly
Home
About
About Us
News
Extracurricular Activities
Academics
Academics
Calendars
Curriculum
Special Programs
T-STEM
Parents
Students
Admissions
Admissions
Apply Now
FAQ
Staff
Staff Quick Links
Employee Portal
Harmony Dashboard
JobTraQ
Operations Dashboard
Purchase Order
School Dude
Staff Email
TEAMS ESC
Workshops
Careers
Parents
Home
 Parents
Quick Links
AR home connection
Eduphoria
Enmiendas del Manual del Estudiante
Manual del Estudiante
parent connection
PTO
Student Handbook
Student Handbook Amendments (English)
Parental Engagement
Harmony Public Schools thanks all of our families for partnering with us to provide rigorous, high-quality education for their students. It’s our hope that by joining together we can increase student success through meaningful activities, programs and services.Family involvement is shown to improve student academic improvement, school attendance, and decrease discipline problems. We invite all parents and guardians to volunteer at their campus today!
Not Enrolled Yet? Click to learn about enrollment.
Parent Teacher Home Visits
Parent Activities
Parent Volunteer Program
Parent Academy Program
Harmony’s 
Home Visit Program is one way our staff supports students and families through the educational process. Harmony teachers visit more than 7,000 homes each year to answer any questions families might have, often helping parents work through confusion about the college application process or provide student resources.
We want to ensure our students know that they have the support of both their school and their family in their academic pursuits. Educators from all grades have made the commitment to build communication between themselves and families by visiting the homes of their students.
We encourage you to contact your campus to request your home visit today!
Parents play a significant role in supporting their children’s health and learning, guiding their children successfully through school, and advocating for their children — and for the effectiveness of schools.
Parental engagement in schools is defined as parents and school staff working together to support and improve the learning, development, and health of children and adolescents. To increase parental engagement in school health, schools must make a positive connection with parents.
Schools should also provide a variety of activities and frequent opportunities to fully engage parents such as:
Opening day activities: barbecue, hot dogs, etc.
Parenting Can Be Fun Workshop/Conferences.
Family adventures within one hour’s drive.
Helping your kids choose alternatives to alcohol or drugs.
Math festival
Health night/physical fitness.
Family science fair
Summer make-and-take (reinforcement activities for summer).
MEAP night.
Coffee with the principal.
Pumpkin decorating/pumpkin facts and scary stories
Family board game series.
Positive discipline
Classroom/class newsletters/hotlines
Monthly learning nights with a potluck
Career days
Programs for multicultural awareness and appreciation
Volunteers can help struggling students read tests, listen to their reading, and chaperon field trips
Frequent traveler passports with students’ pictures on them-each time a parent attends an event, the child gets a stamp in his/her passport. After four stamps, his/her name goes into a drawing.
Create something special for non-English speaking families
Build a family timeline night (History)
Harmony Public Schools has recently purchased a software program that will manage, track and recruit volunteers for its 54 schools. The program, VOLY.org, was customized for HPS by Volunteer Now, one of the largest volunteer centers in the country. The system is smart phone-friendly and launched with the start of the 2017-2018 school year.
Community engagement through the HPS volunteers plays a vital role in enhancing educational opportunities for HPS students. The VOLY.org technology saves time and money by simplifying and standardizing volunteer management across the district, making it easier for individuals and groups to become involved in schools and placing volunteers where they can be most effective for students.
Like Amazon.com and other commercial sites, the system “learns” specific volunteer interests over time and sends recurring and new opportunities of a similar nature by email, encouraging volunteers to continue or increase volunteer efforts. It provides automated tools for outlining potential volunteer opportunities available at each of HPS campuses; tracks, schedules and reports volunteer activities; and allows for remote check-in and check-out. To register: 
harmony.voly.org
.
Good education begins at home and our 
Parent Academy
 is designed to help families provide the support needed for their students’ success. Through a series of workshops during and after school parents will learn specific student support skills such as student advocacy, financial empowerment, digital literacy and post-secondary access.
Now Accepting Applications for 2018 - 2019 Enrollment
		Apply Here
Harmony School of Science - Houston
5435 S. Braeswood Blvd Houston, Texas 77096
Grades
K - 8th
Phone
(713) 729-4400
            Social:            
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
LinkedIn Icon
Contact Us
Our Geographic Boundaries
Anonymous Reporting
If you are experiencing a problem with bullying at Harmony, or have other discipline-related concerns regarding one of our schools, please fill out the form at the link below for the Dean of Students.
Bullying Report Form
HPS Child Find Policy
It is the policy of the Harmony Public Schools to ensure that
All children with disabilities enrolled in the charter school regardless of the severity of their disability, and who are in need of special education and related services, are identified, located, and evaluated; and
A practical method is developed and implemented to determine which children are currently receiving needed special education and related services.
These requirements apply to:
Homeless children;                            
Children who are wards of the state;
Highly mobile children (including migrant children); and
Children who are suspected of being in need of special education but who areadvancing from grade to grade.
20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(3)(A); 34 CFR 300.111(a)(1)(i), (c).
Non-discrimination Statement as Part of the School's Admission Policy
                                It is the policy of HPS not to discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, or disability in its programs, services, or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies, please contact Section 504/ADA Coordinator at (713) 343-3333 located at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S. Houston, TX 77099.                            
Non-discrimination Statement in Career and Technical Education Programs
          HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS offers support to school district for career and technical education programs in Agriculture, Food, and Natural Resources; Architecture and Construction; Arts, Audio/Video Technology, and Communications; Business Management and Administration; Education and Training; Finance; Government and Public Administration; Health Science; Hospitality and Tourism; Human Services; Information Technology; Law, Public Safety, Corrections, and Security; Manufacturing; Marketing; Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics; Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics.  Admission to these programs is based on enrollment in HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS secondary schools.
 It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex or handicap in its CTE programs, services or activities as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
It is the policy of HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap, or age in its employment practices as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended; and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. 
HARMONY PUBLIC SCHOOLS will take steps to assure that lack of English language skills will not be a barrier to admission and participation in all educational and CTE programs. 
For information about your rights or grievance procedures, contact the Title IX Coordinator, CHARLES LAMBERT, and/or the Section 504 Coordinator, IHSAN KARA, at 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Phone: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Aviso de No discriminación en los Programas de Educación Profesional y Técnica
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony ofrecen programas vocacionales en Agricultura, Alimentación y Recursos Naturales; Arquitectura y Construcción; Artes, Tecnología de Audio / Video y Comunicaciones; Administración de Negocios y Administración; Educación y Entrenamiento; Finanzas; Gobierno y Administración Pública; Ciencias de la salud; Hospitalidad y Turismo; Recursos Humanos; Tecnología de la  Información; Derecho; Seguridad Pública, Correccionales y Seguridad; Manufactura; Mercadeo; Ciencias, Tecnología, Ingeniería y Matemáticas; Transporte, Distribución y Logística. La admisión a estos programas se basa en el número de estudiantes de secundaria registrados en las  Escuelas Públicas Harmony. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo o impedimento, en sus programas, servicios o actividades de CTE, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Es norma de las Escuelas Públicas Harmony  no discriminar por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo, impedimento o edad, en sus procedimientos de empleo, tal como lo requieren el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, según enmienda; el Título IX de las Enmiendas en la Educación, de 1972, la ley de Discriminación por Edad, de 1975, según enmienda, y la Sección 504 de la Ley de Rehabilitación de 1973, según enmienda. 
Las Escuelas Públicas Harmony tomarán las medidas necesarias para asegurar que la falta de habilidad en el uso del inglés no sea un obstáculo para la admisión y participación en todos los programas educativos y CTE.
 Para información sobre sus derechos o procedimientos para quejas, comuníquese con el Coordinador del Título IX, CHARLES LAMBERT, y/o el Coordinador de la  Sección 504, IHSAN KARA, a la siguiente dirección: 9321 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S.  Houston, TX 77099, Teléfono: 
(713) 343-3333
.
Website Accessibility
Harmony Public Schools (“Harmony”) is committed to making the information on its website accessible to individuals with disabilities in compliance with the requirements of Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader, eye tracking device, voice recognition software, etc.) and have difficulty accessing information on the Harmony website, please contact HPS Webmaster by email at 
accessibility@harmonytx.org
 . Please include the following when communicating with Harmony regarding accessibility issues:
A description of your accessibility concern.
The format in which you prefer to receive the materials.
The web page address of the requested material(s).
The best way to contact you (email address or phone number, or both).
Harmony will make appropriate accommodations to facilitate access to any website content.
Complaints regarding website accessibility may be filed by members of the community through the Public Complaint process outlined in Board Policy PG-1.12 (Public Complaints). Additionally, students and parents may file a complaint regarding website accessibility through the Student and Parent Complaint/Grievances process outlined in Board Policy PG-3.30.
Please note that some pages on the Harmony website contain links to third-party sites, which are not within Harmony’s control. If you notify Harmony of problems with accessing a third-party site that is necessary to participate in one of Harmony’s programs or activities, we will make the material or information available in an accessible format.
Ⓒ	2018 
 Harmony Public Schools
 All Rights Reserved.
Back To Top
Lightbox Previous
Lightbox Next
Original text
Contribute a better translation