Welcome
Academics
Curriculum Overview
Resources
After School Program
Business Directory
Independent Study
Enrollment
Links
Calendar
The Leaflet
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Board Agendas
Board Packets
Board Minutes
Charter Documents and Reports
Community  Giving
Foundation
Volunteer
Camps
Spring Camp
Summer Camp
Our School
Live Oak is a Waldorf inspired public charter school serving families in Sonoma and Marin counties. Our program is designed to support the holistic development of our students throughout their childhood, from Kindergarten through eighth grade. 
Live Oak offers a classical liberal arts program that honors the creative and intellectual gifts of our children. Through Interdisciplinary scholarship, creative arts, and a positive school culture, our students are prepared for high school with confidence, proficiency, and imagination.
Our Website
Please take a moment to explore our site. If you are new to Waldorf please visit the Education page to learn more about our developmental model and pedagogy.
Please read our 
Leaflet
 newsletter to view current news and developments at Live Oak.  Subscribe to our
Calendar
 to stay informed of upcoming events and activities.
In the Spirit of Community
"A healthy social life is found when, 
in the mirror of each soul 
the whole community finds its reflection,
and when in the community 
the virtue of each one is living"
RUDOLF STEINER
Faculty and Staff
‎ > ‎  
Employment
Live Oak is always on the search for qualified staff with passion, creativity, dedication, and teamwork.   Live Oak values candidates with experience in Waldorf and public education.   Diverse backgrounds and education provide the unique perspectives and broad bases of understanding that make Live Oak such a rich and professional environment.
Employment Opportunities are posted on Edjoin, as well as other local venues.  
Please visit our link 
Here
 for the current listing of available positions.  
Attached below are the Certificated and Classified applications.  When submitting for a job, please mail or deliver your application to the school office at 100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma, CA.  Alternately, you may submit applications via email through a PDF attachment of your application.
We look forward to hearing from you.  
Č
Updating...
Ċ
Live Oak Employment Application Form 20140214.pdf
(149k)
Matthew Morgan, 
Feb 14, 2014, 1:13 PM
v.1
ď
Comments
Anonymous
undefined
Your +mention will add people to this discussion and send an email.
Making sure people you mentioned have access…
The assigned person will be notified and responsible for marking as done.
Cancel
You do not have permission to add comments.
100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma CA 94952  •  Phone 707.762.9020  Fax 707.762.9019
Contact Us
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites