Welcome
Academics
Curriculum Overview
Resources
After School Program
Business Directory
Independent Study
Enrollment
Links
Calendar
The Leaflet
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Board Agendas
Board Packets
Board Minutes
Charter Documents and Reports
Community  Giving
Foundation
Volunteer
Camps
Spring Camp
Summer Camp
Our School
Live Oak is a Waldorf inspired public charter school serving families in Sonoma and Marin counties. Our program is designed to support the holistic development of our students throughout their childhood, from Kindergarten through eighth grade. 
Live Oak offers a classical liberal arts program that honors the creative and intellectual gifts of our children. Through Interdisciplinary scholarship, creative arts, and a positive school culture, our students are prepared for high school with confidence, proficiency, and imagination.
Our Website
Please take a moment to explore our site. If you are new to Waldorf please visit the Education page to learn more about our developmental model and pedagogy.
Please read our 
Leaflet
 newsletter to view current news and developments at Live Oak.  Subscribe to our
Calendar
 to stay informed of upcoming events and activities.
In the Spirit of Community
"A healthy social life is found when, 
in the mirror of each soul 
the whole community finds its reflection,
and when in the community 
the virtue of each one is living"
RUDOLF STEINER
Community  Giving
For many years, Waldorf education was locked in the private school domain with tuitions exceeding $17,000 a year, beyond the reach of many middle and working class families. Over the last decade, many pioneering parents, familiar with the benefits of Waldorf curriculum, sought access to Waldorf education through the charter movement. As parents living in Sonoma County, we are the beneficiaries of the hard work and planning these early public Waldorf parents and educators invested. 
Live Oak is a public Waldorf charter school, funded in part by state, federal, and local funds.  Though LOCS is grateful for the resources provided by public agencies, these funds are not enough on their own to fund a complete Waldorf program. The expense of providing a Waldorf inspired program is not currently met by the $6,300 per student that public funding provides. Live Oak’s current expenses are more than $7,500 per student. We make up this gap in state and federal funding through the generosity and commitment of our Live Oak community; in particular through our Pledge Program and community fundraising efforts conducted by Friends of Live Oak, our supporting foundation.  Live Oak relies upon its community of families and supporters to maintain its rich Waldorf inspired educational program through community giving, grants, and capital campaigns.
For more information on the Friends of Live Oak Charter Foundation, please visit the 
FOLOCS website here
.
Though state funded schools have suffered deep cuts in recent years, Live Oak has been able to maintain its programs because our families are so committed to assuring their child’s receives the best education possible. The Live Oak community has organized volunteer and financial support to fill the pieces missing from state funding.  It is through this community effort that Live Oak Charter continues to provide a rich Waldorf program.
The rich educational program at Live Oak is only possible through the generosity of our community.
Please Donate Here
            Subpages 
(3):
Campus Improvement Project 2012
Foundation
Volunteer
Comments
Anonymous
undefined
Your +mention will add people to this discussion and send an email.
Making sure people you mentioned have access…
The assigned person will be notified and responsible for marking as done.
Cancel
You do not have permission to add comments.
100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma CA 94952  •  Phone 707.762.9020  Fax 707.762.9019
Contact Us
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites