Welcome
Academics
Curriculum Overview
Resources
After School Program
Business Directory
Independent Study
Enrollment
Links
Calendar
The Leaflet
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Board Agendas
Board Packets
Board Minutes
Charter Documents and Reports
Community  Giving
Foundation
Volunteer
Camps
Spring Camp
Summer Camp
Our School
Live Oak is a Waldorf inspired public charter school serving families in Sonoma and Marin counties. Our program is designed to support the holistic development of our students throughout their childhood, from Kindergarten through eighth grade. 
Live Oak offers a classical liberal arts program that honors the creative and intellectual gifts of our children. Through Interdisciplinary scholarship, creative arts, and a positive school culture, our students are prepared for high school with confidence, proficiency, and imagination.
Our Website
Please take a moment to explore our site. If you are new to Waldorf please visit the Education page to learn more about our developmental model and pedagogy.
Please read our 
Leaflet
 newsletter to view current news and developments at Live Oak.  Subscribe to our
Calendar
 to stay informed of upcoming events and activities.
In the Spirit of Community
"A healthy social life is found when, 
in the mirror of each soul 
the whole community finds its reflection,
and when in the community 
the virtue of each one is living"
RUDOLF STEINER
Academics
Live Oak’s Educational Approach
Live Oak offers an integrated developmental program inspired by WaldorfEducation. Our approach has its roots in the studies of Rudolf Steiner, a philosopher and educational reformer from the first half of the 20th century.  Steiner's educational pedagogy stressed the importance of building an education that resonates with the different stages and threads of human development.  Steiner's picture of human development has been refined over time, and is in dynamic conversation with modern research and practice.  It is the inspiration to understand and best support the unfolding child that drives Live Oak's work
.  Live Oak strives to bring forth the best of our students’ academic, artistic, physical, social and emotional capacities to prepare them to engage their future with confidence and enthusiasm.
What is “Whole Child” Education?
Head, Heart and Hands
A whole child education integrates the many capacities, skills, and awareness of the child.  In Waldorf education, we often refer to this complex picture through three domains; head, heart and hands. Steiner himself saw the human as having three major spheres of development; Will (hands), feeling (heart), and Thinking (head).  In our curriculum, movement and handwork activities support theachievement of foundational neurological milestones required for academicsuccess. Daily encounters with art and music contribute to a healthyimagination and feeling life. Thinking blossoms. Since our dedicated teacherspurposefully cultivate the interrelationship of the child’s physical, emotionaland intellectual abilities, our students develop a love of learning.
Age-Appropriate Curriculum
A whole child education offers an invigorating curriculumthat nourishes the student’s growing capacities for creativity, academic skill,and social awareness at each unique stage of human development. While theyounger child’s inner life is stimulated via the framework of the fairy tale,folk tale or myth, older students relish the visceral examples of humanstriving found in biographies of accomplished individuals throughouthistory.  
Experiential Learning
A whole child education provides life experiences thatinspire curiosity and competency.  Thirdgraders plant and harvest wheat, grind the grain and bake bread. 11-year oldson the threshold of adolescence wrestle with virtue and service during a MiddleAges studies knighting task. Middle schoolers conduct physics and organicchemistry experiments that reveal the principles of light and matter.  Students across the grades try onmythological or historical characters and encounter complex social dramas viamuch loved class plays.
From the Local to the Global
Whole child education starts with the personal and movesoutward towards the planetary. Live Oak is a vital and supportive learningcommunity that provides the child with a secure sense of place in the world.Our highly trained teachers ground the students in the unique cultural,historical, and natural attributes of Petaluma’s locale and gently lead themoutward towards global awareness. Cultivating this sense of place includesproviding experiences of seasonal rhythms and life cycles via communityfestivals, school-based and local agriculture and outdoor adventures informedby the natural sciences.
As the world “shrinks” and global interconnectednessincreases, our educational efforts help children learn to recognize,appreciate, and navigate the diversity of human experience and culture.
Preparation for Life
By the end of eighth grade, Live Oak students have receiveda broad education in science, mathematics, humanities, and the arts. Theirsocial skills have been honed by years of working in and for community. Ourgraduates stand poised to thrive in high school and beyond with undiminishedzest for learning and the knowledge that they are capable of making adifference in the world.
A Brief History
Rudolf Steiner, an Austrian philosopher, established Waldorfpedagogy in 1919 in the wake of World War I. His goal was to foster freethinking individuals who could reinvigorate culture and find a lesscatastrophic way of resolving social conflict.  Established in 2001, Live Oak’s founders set out to create apublic school inspired by Waldorf education that conformed with the academicrequirements of the California State standards.From humble beginnings to its current location on theSonoma-Marin Fairgrounds, the school has grown from 42 students to an enrollment of 270. We offer a full K-8 program that includesan increasingly dynamic middle-school for 6th, 7th, and 8th graders.
Operating as an independent, non-profit 501c3 corporation,  Live Oak is chartered by the Petaluma City School Districtand funded from local, state, and federal tax  dollars. We are also supported by tax-deductible parent contributions, andthrough the work of Friends of Live Oak, our sister foundation.
            Subpages 
(16):
Athletics
Curriculum Overview
Grade Eight
Grade Five
Grade Four
Grade One
Grade Seven
Grade Six
Grade Three
Grade Two
Handwork
Kindergarten
Movement
Music
Spanish
Woodwork
Comments
Anonymous
undefined
Your +mention will add people to this discussion and send an email.
Making sure people you mentioned have access…
The assigned person will be notified and responsible for marking as done.
Cancel
You do not have permission to add comments.
100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma CA 94952  •  Phone 707.762.9020  Fax 707.762.9019
Contact Us
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites