Welcome
Academics
Curriculum Overview
Resources
After School Program
Business Directory
Independent Study
Enrollment
Links
Calendar
The Leaflet
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Board Agendas
Board Packets
Board Minutes
Charter Documents and Reports
Community  Giving
Foundation
Volunteer
Camps
Spring Camp
Summer Camp
Our School
Live Oak is a Waldorf inspired public charter school serving families in Sonoma and Marin counties. Our program is designed to support the holistic development of our students throughout their childhood, from Kindergarten through eighth grade. 
Live Oak offers a classical liberal arts program that honors the creative and intellectual gifts of our children. Through Interdisciplinary scholarship, creative arts, and a positive school culture, our students are prepared for high school with confidence, proficiency, and imagination.
Our Website
Please take a moment to explore our site. If you are new to Waldorf please visit the Education page to learn more about our developmental model and pedagogy.
Please read our 
Leaflet
 newsletter to view current news and developments at Live Oak.  Subscribe to our
Calendar
 to stay informed of upcoming events and activities.
In the Spirit of Community
"A healthy social life is found when, 
in the mirror of each soul 
the whole community finds its reflection,
and when in the community 
the virtue of each one is living"
RUDOLF STEINER
Resources
‎ > ‎  
Independent Study
There are times when a student must miss school because of familyobligations, long-term illness, or educational travel opportunities.  On these occasions, teachers can provide anindependent assignments plan to guide learning and study while the student isabsent from class. We encourage families to schedule trips during schoolvacations and not to take lightly that the child will miss important lessonsand shared experiences with their class during their absence.  When absence is unavoidable there isIndependent Study, which supports both your child and our school. 
Families may arrange for an Independent Study plan in advance ofabsences to allow student to continue their participation in class work whilethey are away.  Independent Study Requestforms and other information is located on our website.  For absences, please provide 3 or more days of advance noticeto your teacher and the office to allow time to prepare your child’sIndependent Study assignment. With proper documentation received in advanceof the absence, Independent Study may still be conducted.  
Required Documentation
Two Documents are required for completion of the IndependentStudy:
■
Independent StudyAgreement Form:
  Outlines the dates ofabsences and the requirements for successfully completing the Independent Study.  This form is due in the office, signed by theparent, 3 days before the start of the absence.
■
Independent StudyAssignment Plan:
  Upon receipt of the AgreementForm, the office or faculty will provide an appropriate Independent StudyAssignment Plan.  This plan describes therequired assignments and projects for the student to complete during theirabsence.  This form, along with thecompleted work, is due to the teacher upon return from the absence.
Independent Study Process
■
Parents must complete an Independent Study Agreement Form withsignature from parent & student.  The form may be submitted viaelectronic or physical means prior to the start of the Independent Studyperiod, at least 3 days before the absence begins. 
■
Staff provides an Independent Study Assignment Plan for thefamily.
■
The Student conducts Independent Study according to the plan.
■
Upon return to school, completed Independent Study work is turnedinto the teacher.
■
Work may be accepted up to 3 days after the return from absence.
■
The teacher evaluates the work.  
■
Office staffverifies satisfaction of requirements for the relevant attendance cycle.
Č
Updating...
Ċ
IS  Agreement Form Aug 28-17.pdf
(48k)
Muriel Bertucci, 
Aug 28, 2017, 6:56 PM
v.1
ď
Comments
Anonymous
undefined
Your +mention will add people to this discussion and send an email.
Making sure people you mentioned have access…
The assigned person will be notified and responsible for marking as done.
Cancel
You do not have permission to add comments.
100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma CA 94952  •  Phone 707.762.9020  Fax 707.762.9019
Contact Us
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites