Welcome
Academics
Curriculum Overview
Resources
After School Program
Business Directory
Independent Study
Enrollment
Links
Calendar
The Leaflet
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Board Agendas
Board Packets
Board Minutes
Charter Documents and Reports
Community  Giving
Foundation
Volunteer
Camps
Spring Camp
Summer Camp
Our School
Live Oak is a Waldorf inspired public charter school serving families in Sonoma and Marin counties. Our program is designed to support the holistic development of our students throughout their childhood, from Kindergarten through eighth grade. 
Live Oak offers a classical liberal arts program that honors the creative and intellectual gifts of our children. Through Interdisciplinary scholarship, creative arts, and a positive school culture, our students are prepared for high school with confidence, proficiency, and imagination.
Our Website
Please take a moment to explore our site. If you are new to Waldorf please visit the Education page to learn more about our developmental model and pedagogy.
Please read our 
Leaflet
 newsletter to view current news and developments at Live Oak.  Subscribe to our
Calendar
 to stay informed of upcoming events and activities.
In the Spirit of Community
"A healthy social life is found when, 
in the mirror of each soul 
the whole community finds its reflection,
and when in the community 
the virtue of each one is living"
RUDOLF STEINER
Resources
Parent Handbook
The Parent handbook is published every year and includes up to date information on logistics, events, programs and policies at Live Oak.  It is a comprehensive, at times encyclopedic overview of Live Oak.  Available in both English and Spanish, Live Oak encourages all parents to familiarize themselves with the content.  Prospective families have appreciated reviewing the handbook to get a full picture of our the educational experience. Hard copies are available in the office.  Electronic PDFs are available through the links below.
Calendar
The school calendar is an indispensable resource for planning the school year. You may view the detailed calendar and subscribe for integration with your own calendar on the calendar 
page
.
Leaflet
The Leaflet is the Live Oak's school newsletter published every two weeks.  Current events, reports on activities, letters from staff and other public announcements are frequently updated on the Leaflet blog.  Please visit the 
Leaflet page
 for the latest edition.
Live Oak Foundation
The Live Oak Foundation provides financial support to Live Oak School.  It is a 501c3 organization that raises over $250,000 each year to sustain the diversity of programs at Live Oak.  The pledge program is the largest source of funding, provided by parents and friends in the community in monthy and one time donations.  Over 75% of the foundation's funding is raised through the pledge program.  Please visit the Community Giving 
page
 for more information.
Auction page link: 
http://www.liveoakcharter.org/fundraising/auction
Online Auction link: 
https://www.biddingforgood.com/auction/AuctionHome.action?auctionId=149447953
            Subpages 
(5):
After School Program
Business Directory
Communications Survey
Enrollment
Independent Study
Č
Updating...
Ċ
MediaUsebyChildrenYoungerthanTwoyears.pdf
(261k)
Matthew Morgan, 
Feb 2, 2012, 2:34 PM
v.1
ď
Ċ
Parent Handbook 2015-2016 2015-08-26-SP.pdf
(1340k)
Matthew Morgan, 
Aug 31, 2015, 1:16 PM
v.1
ď
Ċ
Parent Handbook 2017-2018 2017-08-14.pdf
(1487k)
Matthew Morgan, 
May 3, 2018, 6:47 AM
v.1
ď
Comments
Anonymous
undefined
Your +mention will add people to this discussion and send an email.
Making sure people you mentioned have access…
The assigned person will be notified and responsible for marking as done.
Cancel
You do not have permission to add comments.
100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma CA 94952  •  Phone 707.762.9020  Fax 707.762.9019
Contact Us
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites