ASD Educational Foundation
Search this site
Welcome
PTO Board
Speakers
Fundraising
Parent Involvement
Ways to Help
Meeting Minutes
Our PTO
Our meetings are open to all parents and teachers.  Join us on the first Wednesday of every month at 6:30pm in the ASD Cafeteria. 
Upcoming Meetings:
Feb 7, 2018 6:30pm
March 7, 2018 6:30pm
April 4, 2018, 6:30pm
May 2, 2018, 6:30pm
June 6, 2018, 6:30pm
To make an online donation using a credit card or PayPal, please 
Donate Here.
Thank you for supporting enrichment at ASD! 
We are a registered 501(c)3 non profit and your contributions are tax deductible (Tax ID# 26-2780722).  Checks made payable to ASDEF can be mailed to the school address.  We do employer 
Matching - please contact us at treasurer@asdnh.org for more information.  
Welcome
Thank you for your interest in our PTO!
Serving 
the Academy for 
Science & Design 
in Nashua, NH
Check here for upcoming speakers, events, fundraising efforts, and meeting minutes. 
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact a 
Board
 member or join us for a monthly meeting.
Meeting Agendas
CLUB HEADS APPLY FOR FUNDING FOR 2018-2019 SCHOOL YEAR
Activity Funding Request Form
Due Date April 20, 2018
Pictures of the 2017 Gala
How You Can Help This Year
ASD Educational Foundation (ASD's PTO) would like to welcome all our new students and families, and welcome back everyone returning to our community. As we start the new year, we would like to point out our 3 year-round fundraisers that cost you nothing to participate in: Scrip, which is a way to purchase gift cards and have a portion of the sales come to us; Schoola, which will take your gently worn brand-name clothes and sell them, giving us a percentage of the funds earned (a great way to buy those hard to find styles your children want); and Shoparoo, an app with which you scan in your shopping receipts for points that equal to cash for us at the end of the year. 
How You Can Help This Winter
Little Caesar's Pizza Kits Coming!
Pizza! Pizza! As part of the ASD Education Foundation's efforts to support ASDs clubs and extracurricular activities, students and families will have the opportunity to order a variety of fun food items from Little Caesar's Pizza. Look for microwave personal pizzas that make great lunches, family pizza kits for delicious dinners, cookie dough for tasty treats, and more!
Flyers will come home after vacation with details - keep an eye out for them in your child's backpack. Online ordering is already available: Go to 
pizzakit.com
, click on the Products menu and choose Shop. Choose either of the options under Purchase & Support a Local Fundraiser, then enter our Fundraising ID, 
345088,
 and start sho
pping! You can have the order shipped to your home or shipped to the school for pickup on 
March 29, 2018.
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites