Southwest Preparatory School District
Southwest Preparatory School District
Search
View Original
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
Guest
 | 
Login
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##									
			    {1}							    
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
Home
About Us
Staff Directory
History
Our Core Beliefs
Mission & Vision  Statement
Required Postings
Non Discrimination Statement
Board Information
About Our Superintendent
Donate
Schools
Our Schools
Registration and Enrollment
Northwest Campus
Parent Info
For Parents
Tips
Activities
Parent Portal
Counselor's Corner
Student-Parent Handbook 2017-2018
Student Link
Student Links
Academies
Academy of Hospitality and Tourism
Academy of Law and Public Safety
Academy of New Media
College and Careers
Dual Credit
Scholarships
SAT/ACT Information
SWPS State Assessment Information
Course Catalog
Student CASE links
Counselor's Corner
Student-Parent Handbook 2017-18
Bullying Report
Staff 
Staff Portal
STAFF WEBMAIL
Staff CASE links
HR
Human Resources
Employee Resources
Employee Handbook 
Athletics
New Directions Campus-1258 Austin Highway
South East Campus-735 S. WW White
North West Campus-6535 Culebra
NWE Athletics 2015-2016
SASPC
Staff Directory
Donate! 
Member Districts
Joining the Co-op
Mission and Vision
Services
Training Opportunities
Parent Resources
Teacher Resources
News
Human Resources
Employment Opportunities
Health Co-op
Southwest Preparatory School District
 » 
SWPS Campus Earns Accreditation
SWPS Campus Earns Accreditation
San Antonio, TX (February 24, 2014) – The 
Southwest Preparatory School (SWPS) Southeast Campus at 735 S. W.W. White Road, the Northwest Campus at 6535 Culebra Road, and the Northwest Elementary Campus at 4151 Culebra Road completed a rigorous self-assessment process for the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Council on Accreditation and School Improvement (SACS CASI), an accreditation division of AdvancED™. An external evaluation team visited the schools in December and conducted a thorough evaluation of each school's vision, strategies, priorities, leadership, programs and resources. The team interviewed faculty, staff, students, parents, and board members, evaluated instruction in the classrooms, and reviewed multiple documents and artifacts of the school.
Dr. Gary Short, SWPS Superintendent, states, “The external evaluation team was extremely pleased with the results of the visits and notified the schools that they would be recommended for full accreditation with Southern Association of Colleges and Schools/AdvancED™.  On January 23, the Accreditation Commission of SACS/AdvancED™ officially granted full accreditation status to each of the campuses.  This means that all SWPS campuses are now fully accredited since the Northeast Campus had previously been granted full accreditation status in 2012.  
Parents should feel a great deal of satisfaction with accreditation of their children's school.  Students from SACS/
AdvancED™
 accredited schools experience ease in transferring credits from one school to another.  They also gain greater access to highly rated colleges and universities, federal loans, scholarships, and military programs that require students to attend accredited institutions.  Since schools must meet rigorous academic standards to raise student performance and accountability, while maintaining safe and enriching learning environments, all students greatly benefit from the accreditation.” 
The Southwest Preparatory School District is currently enrolling students from Pre-K through 12th grade for the upcoming 2014-15 school year.  
AdvancED™ insists on a relentless pursuit of excellence -for itself and for the institutions it accredits. The ethic of excellence ensures that institutions will find rich benefits from accreditation and that parents can confidently make informed decisions about their children's education, knowing that their child's accredited school has been identified as meeting rigorous standards and being committed to continuous improvement in education. While accreditation is a set of rigorous protocols and research based processes for evaluating an institution's organizational effectiveness, it is far more than that. Today, accreditation examines the whole institution, the programs, the cultural context, and the community of stakeholders who determine how well integrated the system is for meeting the needs of students. Ultimately, the focus is always on providing the best learning environment for students in order to prepare them for the demands of the future. For more information about SACS accreditation and AdvancED™ visit 
www.advanc-ed.org
 online.
About Southwest Preparatory School District
For more than 15 years, the Southwest Preparatory School (SWPS) District, located in Bexar County, Texas, has provided an adaptive and effective learning environment that prepares youth to succeed in the workplace and/or college. The district differentiates itself with its career-themed academies, smaller classes, and free tuition at its campuses. It offers great choices for parents and offers high quality educational opportunities for elementary, middle, and high school students. Information about the SWPS district and its campuses can be found online at 
www.swprep.org
.
Facebook Page
Twitter Feed
1258 Austin Hwy, San Antonio, TX 78209 | Phone: 210-829-8017 | Fax: 210-829-8514
Website by 
SchoolMessenger Presence
.  © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.