Welcome
Academics
Curriculum Overview
Resources
After School Program
Business Directory
Independent Study
Enrollment
Links
Calendar
The Leaflet
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Board Agendas
Board Packets
Board Minutes
Charter Documents and Reports
Community  Giving
Foundation
Volunteer
Camps
Spring Camp
Summer Camp
Our School
Live Oak is a Waldorf inspired public charter school serving families in Sonoma and Marin counties. Our program is designed to support the holistic development of our students throughout their childhood, from Kindergarten through eighth grade. 
Live Oak offers a classical liberal arts program that honors the creative and intellectual gifts of our children. Through Interdisciplinary scholarship, creative arts, and a positive school culture, our students are prepared for high school with confidence, proficiency, and imagination.
Our Website
Please take a moment to explore our site. If you are new to Waldorf please visit the Education page to learn more about our developmental model and pedagogy.
Please read our 
Leaflet
 newsletter to view current news and developments at Live Oak.  Subscribe to our
Calendar
 to stay informed of upcoming events and activities.
In the Spirit of Community
"A healthy social life is found when, 
in the mirror of each soul 
the whole community finds its reflection,
and when in the community 
the virtue of each one is living"
RUDOLF STEINER
Links
Alliance for Public Waldorf is a consortium of Public Waldorf Charter Schools.  The Alliance provides support for its network of schools, professional development for staff, and advocacy in local and state legislation for the needs of Public Waldorf Charters. Live Oak is proud to be a member of the Alliance.
Credo High is a Public Waldorf Charter High School in Rohnert Park, California.  It is the first charter high school in the north bay providing a Waldorf curriculum for its students.  Credo also provides parent education resources, and curriculum articulation to the many K-8 Waldorf charters in the area, including Live Oak. 
Rudolf Steiner College is a great resource for community members interested in deepening their understanding of Waldorf education, or becoming educators themselves.  Rudolf Steiner college is located in Fair Oaks, California
Waldorf Today is a online clearinghouse on Waldorf related issues.  From articles on pedagogy and childhood development, to parent forums and a community bulletin board, Waldorf Today is an online resource for the Waldorf community.
Petaluma City Schools is the chartering district for Live Oak.  PCS provides support to Live Oak including special education, business services, and Information Technology.  
Sonoma County Office of Education is our local support agency.  SCOE provides professional development for faculty and staff, legal and financial guidance and coordination of special services throughout the county.  
California Charter School Association is an advocacy organization for charter schools throughout California.  CCSA provides legal resources and advocacy within the state legislature in support of Charter schools.  Live Oak Charter is a member of CCSA.
Comments
Anonymous
undefined
Your +mention will add people to this discussion and send an email.
Making sure people you mentioned have access…
The assigned person will be notified and responsible for marking as done.
Cancel
You do not have permission to add comments.
100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma CA 94952  •  Phone 707.762.9020  Fax 707.762.9019
Contact Us
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites