Welcome
Academics
Curriculum Overview
Resources
After School Program
Business Directory
Independent Study
Enrollment
Links
Calendar
The Leaflet
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Board of Directors
Board Agendas
Board Packets
Board Minutes
Charter Documents and Reports
Community  Giving
Foundation
Volunteer
Camps
Spring Camp
Summer Camp
Our School
Live Oak is a Waldorf inspired public charter school serving families in Sonoma and Marin counties. Our program is designed to support the holistic development of our students throughout their childhood, from Kindergarten through eighth grade. 
Live Oak offers a classical liberal arts program that honors the creative and intellectual gifts of our children. Through Interdisciplinary scholarship, creative arts, and a positive school culture, our students are prepared for high school with confidence, proficiency, and imagination.
Our Website
Please take a moment to explore our site. If you are new to Waldorf please visit the Education page to learn more about our developmental model and pedagogy.
Please read our 
Leaflet
 newsletter to view current news and developments at Live Oak.  Subscribe to our
Calendar
 to stay informed of upcoming events and activities.
In the Spirit of Community
"A healthy social life is found when, 
in the mirror of each soul 
the whole community finds its reflection,
and when in the community 
the virtue of each one is living"
RUDOLF STEINER
Resources
‎ > ‎  
Enrollment
We are accepting 2018-2019 Student Enrollment Applications
Admissions
Prospective Parents should attend a campus tour and our enrollment events as these are designed to introduce families to our curriculum and school culture. 
It is important that families understand the commitment and support that our school requires both of our students and our parents. 
Kindergarten Program
Live OakCharter School encourages children to be ready for the social and academicexpectations of first grade by allowing adequate time in Kindergarten.  
We have a two-year and a one-year Kindergarten Program.  
One-Year Program
Children who are born between 
6/1/12 - 9/1/13 mayattend our one-year kindergarten program.  
Two-Year Program
Children who are born between 9
/2/13-12/31/13 mayattend our two-year kindergarten program.                                                                                                 Children whose 5th birthday falls between Sept 1 - Dec 1 have toppriority in the two-year kindergarten.  
Children with birthdays between Dec 2 - 31 may attend onlyif there is availability.
Admissions Priorities
Live OakCharter School admits students according to the following Admission Prioritiesestablished by the Live Oak Board of Directors and authorized by the Petaluma CitySchools District:
1.  Studentscurrently enrolled in Live Oak Charter
2.  Siblings ofenrolled students
3.  Children ofthe School staff 
4.  Children residingin the “McKinley (McDowell) Elementary School” Attendance Area (2 proofs of residency status are required)
5.  Children residing in the “Petaluma City Schools”District 
(2 proofs of residency status are required)
6.   
All other California Residents (including other Petalumavicinity school districts)
Enrollment Process
1.
Your completed Enrollment Application must be returned to theSchool Office by 3:00 PM on Friday, March 16, 2018
2.
If there are any subsequent requestsfor additional information, please comply in a timely manner 
       Failure to do so may delay the admission’sprocess and disqualify you from enrollment
3.
You will be notified in writing ofyour provisional acceptance the week of March 26, 2018 and you will have one (1)week to accept the provisional placement
4.
Once provisional acceptance has occurred you will receive a packet of enrollment documents to be completed and returned to the school office within (14) fourteen days to secure enrollment
5.
In consideration of other students, ifduring the enrollment process you decide not to enroll your child, pleasenotify the school office immediately
6.
During the summer you will receiveinformation about Class Gatherings andCampus Work Days and see how you canhelp prepare your class and the campus for the new school year.  Additionally you will receive informationabout our voluntary, tax-deductible ParentPledge Program that helps fund the Live Oak educational program
Campus Tours
Please contact our 
School Secretary
 to arrange a Campus Tour at (707) 762-9020.
Non Discrimination Admission Policy
As a public charter school committed to diversity and community health, Live Oak does not discriminate in its admission of students on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, or economic status.
Questions
If you have questions at any time during the application and admission process, please do not hesitate to contact the 
office manager
 at (707) 762-9020
            Subpages 
(1):
Enrollment Documents
Č
Updating...
Ċ
Enrollment Application V02-2018-19.pdf
(323k)
Muriel Bertucci, 
Jan 29, 2018, 5:27 PM
v.1
ď
Comments
Anonymous
undefined
Your +mention will add people to this discussion and send an email.
Making sure people you mentioned have access…
The assigned person will be notified and responsible for marking as done.
Cancel
You do not have permission to add comments.
100 Gnoss Concourse, Petaluma CA 94952  •  Phone 707.762.9020  Fax 707.762.9019
Contact Us
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites