[ LOG IN 
]
Home
About TRCS
Programs
Admissions
Support
Parents
Calendar
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Admissions
Admissions Lottery Process
Open House Schedule
Enrollment Applications
Frequently Asked Questions
Admissions
Renaissance currently has seats available in the 11th & 12th grade classes
If you know of someone who would be interested in attending Renaissance, and they are a current 11th or 12th grader, please contact michellecardona@rencharter.org.
Welcome to our Admissions page.  Every year Renaissance accepts 18 new students in Pre-Kindergarten, 7 new students in Kindergarten (all 18 Pre-K students will matriculate to Kindergarten), and 28 new 5th grade students.  In addition, if a seat goes vacant at any time during the year, we will attempt to fill the seat from our waiting list.  Please visit our school lobby for current school year applications, or see below to download or apply online.
Renaissance schedules open-houses throughout the year--please check here 
Open House
 for the schedule.  In the meantime, 
here
 is a power-point that talks about our program, and describes a daily schedule for Pre-Kindergarten, Kindergarten and 5th Grade, our main entry points to the school.
Universal Pre-Kindergarten 
Renaissance has one full-day pre-kindergarten class of eighteen students.  Please note that Pre-Kindergarten will now be a main entry point into Renaissance. If you wait to enroll your child, he or she may not be able to attend due to lack of available seats.
UPK at Renaissance:
Our UPK is a full-day program with breakfast, lunch and snack provided, and served in the classroom.
Renaissance has one UPK class serving 18 students.
Busing is not available for UPK students.
We will not have an after-school program for UPK students, so you must be able to pick up your child promptly at dismissal.  Arrangements for after-school child-care grades K-4 may be made through Maria Banol 718-803-0060 x110 and 5th-10th grades through our partner, 82nd Street Academics at 718-457-0429.
Your child must turn four years of age by December 31, 2017 in order to be eligible.  Proof of age will be required to enroll your child.
UPK students will automatically move into Kindergarten at Renaissance.  There will be no need to reapply.
Pre-K to 12th Grade Admissions Information:
All applicants for Pre-Kindergarten, Kindergarten and 5th Grade will be notified of the results of the lottery.  All students not picked in the lottery will be placed on the waiting list, and mini-lotteries will be  held whenever a seat opens up in grades PK-12.  
HS Applications are automatically placed on a waiting list, to be filled when we have confirmation of vacant seats.
General Information
Renaissance can serve a maximum of 575 PK-12 students, which also includes a small number of District 75 students who reside in our building.  
Class size is approximately 25 in each class.  
There is one class per grade (PK-4).
Two classes per grade (5-12).   
Incoming Pre-Kindergarten students must attain the age of four by December 31, and incoming Kindergarten students must attain the age of five by December 31 of the year they enter school. High school students can attend Renaissance until the age of 21 or until a high school diploma is obtained, whichever comes first. 
2018-2019 PK-12th GRADES APPLICATIONS
Application deadline is April 2, 2018.  Applications received after this date will be put on the wait list. The lottery will be held April 10th and notifications will be sent out no later than April 20th. You must CONFIRM your acceptance of a seat by 3PM on April 27th.  If we do not receive confirmation by this date, this seat will be passed on to someone on the wait list. 
The On-Line Common Application Families can log into 
SchoolMint platform
 in order to complete applications to any New York City charter school, including Renaissance.
The Renaissance Charter School 2018-19 application is now available for download in English and Spanish. It will be available shortly in several other languages. You can print out a copy which can then be mailed in or dropped-off at Renaissance. There are also lottery information sheets, which are for your records (do not return this). 
ENGLISH APPLICATION
SPANISH APPLICATION
Lottery Procedure English
Lottery Procedure Spanish
Learn about NYC Charter Schools: Download the NYC Charter School Parent Brochure in several languages:
Spanish
, 
Arabic
, 
Chinese
, 
Haitian Creole
, 
French
, 
English
FRIENDS OF RENAISSANCE
DONATE
35-59 81st Street, Jackson Heights, New York 11372 • renaissancecharter.org • 718-803-0060 • 718-803-3785 (fax)