[ LOG IN 
]
Home
About TRCS
Programs
Admissions
Support
Parents
Calendar
Contact Us
Staff Directory
About TRCS 
School Overview
Mission Statement
Message from the Principal
Educational Philosophy
Charter Documents
Accountability
Past Annual Reports
Past Certified Financial Reports
Distinctions
Newsletters
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Employment Opportunities
TRCS 2
Sign Our Petition
Interest Survey
Board of  Trustees
About TRCS 
The Renaissance Charter School (“TRCS”) is a PreK-12 public charter school located in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York.  Our mission is to foster educated, responsible young leaders who through their own personal growth will spark a renaissance in New York.
Renaissance is a Summer Food Site
USDA Nondiscrimination Statement
In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA.
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g. Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.), should contact the Agency (State or local) where they applied for benefits. Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.  Additionally, program information may be made available in languages other than English.
To file a program complaint of discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (link is external), (AD-3027) found online at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaintfilingcust.html (link is external), and at any USDA office, or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:
(1) by mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture         Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights         1400 Independence Avenue, SW         Washington, D.C. 20250-9410;
(2)     fax: (202) 690-7442; or
(3)     email: program.intake@usda.gov (link sends e-mail).
This institution is an equal opportunity provider.
Student Walk-Out Against Gun Violence In an action of solidarity with students across the nation, Renaissance high school students staged a peaceful walk-out to protest the lax gun control laws which many feel have played a part in the number of violent gun incidents, especially in schools. The walk-out on March 14, 2018 marked the one-month anniversary of the mass shooting in Parkland, FL, and our students were joined by teachers, as well as staff from the offices of Councilman Daniel Dromm and Senator Peralta.  Students took part in a number of other actions prior to the march, including participating in a Town Hall with Mayor De Blasio and attending a round-table discussion and press conference with Congressman Joseph Crowley on March 13.  You can find the press coverage of the events here: 
Crowley post
; 
Queens Courier
; 
QNS
; and 
Balitang America
Congratulations to the Class of 2017! Our graduates include Posse Scholars and National and Spanish Honor Society members. Our grads are off to a variety of colleges, including the following institutions: Swarthmore College, New York University, Farleigh Dickinson University, Iona College, Lone Star College, New York City College of Technology, Grove School of Engineering-City College of New York, Hunter College, John Jay College of Criminal Justice, and other CUNY's: College of Staten Island, City College, York College, and Borough of Manhattan, LaGuardia, Queensborough Community Colleges. They are attending several SUNY's: Geneseo, Canton, Maritime, Old Westbury, Oneonta, Oswego, Purchase and Stony Brook!  
TRCS High School Learn about the Renaissance High School experience--for 6th-8th grade parents.  Check out the presentation 
here
.
RENSIZZLE WEEK 2017!  Our signature "Rensizzle Week" of project-based learning was held the last week of October and included 17 different special-interest groups covering grades 7-12!  Our elementary students will have their "Little Sizzle" in the spring.  Please visit the public wiki-site to see what diverse things our students investigated: 
Rensizzle Week 2017
 Discover the planning behind Rensizzle and what the educational benfits are: 
Rensizzle Powerpoint
Announcing: The Renaissance Charter School 2 - A second charter school is now being developed by the leadership, faculty and community of Renaissance. The school has been approved, and will open in September, 2019, in Community School District 30.  Learn more by clicking the green "TRCS 2" button on the left.  
If you are interested in working at Renaissance, please click on "Contact Us/Employment Opportunities" in the green bar to the left.
Inside Schools Picks Renaissance! We made InsideSchools.org's noteworthy "staff pick" overall list and "staff pick for serving special education students" for the third time.  Check it out! 
InsideSchools
 at InsideSchools.org.
Culture Bubble Video - Check out the video documenting Cluster One's "Culture Bubble" created before the holidays, that celebrates the many cultures and traditions represented by our diverse population.  Go to Christina Howard's 4th grade website 
here
 and click on the video!
Renaissance featured in Charter School Public Awareness Campaign - The New York City Charter School Center’s latest public awareness campaign – “There’s more to the charter school story...” – highlights the many ways that charter schools strengthen the public education system and benefit high-need communities across New York City.  See the video featuring Renaissance and our community partnerships and leadership program 
here
!
Odyssey Initiative Interviews Renaissance Teachers: Odyssey Initiative is a team of three experienced educators crossing the country learning best practices from schools of every kind — district, private, charter — to design and open a model 21st century public school.  They visited and  reviewed Rebekah Slotnick's class 
here
 and Dan Fanelli, Danielle Randone and Rebekah's video-interviews are posted on the site at 
Odyssey Initiative
.  
Watch the Special 20th Anniversary Video: 
History of Renaissance
!
Media Coverage Charter School Awareness campaigns:
Read the 
Press Release
See Recent 
Media Coverage
Check out our newsletters for a taste of what a Renaissance Education consists of. You can can see them 
here
.
We are in the NY Times! - We are proud to be listed as one of the 100 most diverse schools in the city! Check out the New York Times piece entitled "A Portrait of Segregation in NYC Schools" 
here
.  In addition, we hosted the authors of 
"PAX Ethnica: Where and How Diversity Succeeds"
 and are featured as one of the more successful examples of how diversity succeeds in a public school setting.
FRIENDS OF RENAISSANCE
DONATE
35-59 81st Street, Jackson Heights, New York 11372 • renaissancecharter.org • 718-803-0060 • 718-803-3785 (fax)