Compass Academy Charter School
Home
About Us
Head of School Message
Board of Directors
Staff Directory
Directions
Photo Album
Video Gallery
Academics
Clubs and Activities
Grade Levels
Admissions
Supply Lists
Reading Program
Class Schedules
Accountability Summary
Spelling Bee
Policies
Family
Academic Calendar
Compass Academy Spring Bash
iPad Handbook
Campus Development Plan
After School Care
Community Service Form
Student Handbook 2017-2018
Parent Point Form
Bullying
Support
Ways to Give
Partners in Education
Sponsorship
Calendar
Events
Academic Calendar
Business & Human Resources
Employment Opportunities
Budget
Annual Financial Reports
Superintendent Salary
Human Resource Forms
Contact Us
Parent-Teacher Organization
			 » Spring Bash 2015			
Spring Bash 2015
		Spring Bash is scheduled for May 1, 2015.  Please watch for volunteer opportunities!
REMINDER!!!:  Wednesday 04/15/15, is the deadline for Raffle Ticket sales (15 tickets per student) for your student to participate in the movie/baseball game!!!!! 
(date posted: 04/13/15)
Starting tomorrow 04/08/15 through Monday 04/13/15, every student that sells and turns in 7 raffle tickets, will get to pie Mrs. Stewart or Mrs. Boyd!!!!!!!! 
(date posted: 04/07/15)
Only 29 more days till the fun begins!!!!!! There is going to be so much to do for the entire family!! Games, cotton candy, snow cones, turkey legs, Chic-fil-a, 2 game trailers, train rides, car show, raffles, silent auctions, and much, much, more!!!!!!!!!!!!
(date posted: 04/02/15)
Parents, teachers and students there is still time to get sponsorships in for Spring Bash. We need these turned in by April 15th so these may be put on our banner and so we can get prizes for our students!
Raffle ticket posters will go up next week for all to see who is in the lead for individual and class sales! Remember that 1 class per grade with the most ticket sales will get a pizza party!!
Thank you all for your help and support in making this a great Spring Bash!!
(date posted: 04/02/15)
Due to STAAR testing this week, there will not be any raffle tickets going home. We will be back on schedule next week. Thank you for understanding. 
(date posted: 04/02/15)
43 DAYS LEFT!!! Please keep the Sponsors coming in, you have until April 13, 2015 to get them in. Spring Bash T-shirt orders were due TODAY March 19, 2015.You are all doing awesome on the raffle tickets!! I see lots of kiddo's enjoying a movie or a baseball in the near future. THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU DO!!!!
(date posted: 03/19/15)
Parents and Teachers we apologize!! As t-shirt orders were being entered, we spotted a mistake on the order forms. We are offering sizes 2X, 3X and 4X in all t-shirt colors at $17.00 a shirt. If you need to order a t-shirt in any of these sizes, just add the size and color to your current order form OR if you have already turned your order form in, just write the size and color that you need on a sheet of paper with your child's name, teachers name and money attached. Again, we apologize for the inconvenience!! Thanks for all of your support!!
(date posted: 03/15/15)
Quick Reminder!! Spring Bash T-shirt order forms are due Thursday March 19th. (Payment is due at the time of order.) Please make sure to specify the amount of t-shirts per size and color that you would like to order. If paying with cash, we ask that you please provide the exact amount. For more information or if you have any questions, feel free to contact
Vonda Fulton at:  vrfulton77@gmail.com 
(date posted: 03/12/15)
There are 51 days left until the most talked about event of the school year!!! Raffle tickets went out last week, so sell, sell, sell!! We would also like to remind you about our school wide contest to see who can sell the most raffle tickets! The Top 4 sellers will receive:
1st Place- MacBook Pro
2nd Place- Smart TV
3rd Place- Gaming Console (of the winners choice)
4th Place- Beats Headphones
We would also like to thank all of our parents for sending in all of the Sponsorship Letters! Please keep them coming!!
Thank you to all of our wonderful parents, students, teachers and staff! You're AWESOME!!
(date posted: 03/12/15)
We have a newly updated registration form with our custom logo for the Compass Gas Blast Car Show!! We have already started receiving some entries, so be sure you are one of the first paid 75 entries to earn a goodie bag full of awesome stuff!! Also, if you email the registration form, be sure to indicate if you mailed a check or inquiring about how you can pay! Its going to be a great show, don't miss out!!
For more information go to our Facebook page: 
https://www.facebook.com/CompassGasBlast OR email us at: compassgasblast@gmail.com
(date posted: 03/12/15)
We will be hosting the Compass Gas Blast Car, Truck and Bike Show at Spring Bash 2015!! If you'd like to register to be a part of this amazing show you can go like our FB page "Compass Gas Blast" for more information!! There will be Goody Bags and Awards for various categories. Don't miss out on this opportunity to show off your ride!! 
https://www.facebook.com/CompassGasBlast 
(date posted: 03/04/15)
Today students took home a letter regarding Raffle Tickets. We ask that you disregard the 03/02/15 due date since they were to go home last Friday (snow day). Raffle tickets will be distributed this week so that you may take advantage over Spring Break to sell to family and friends from out of town. Starting the week after Spring Break, PTO will be collecting raffle ticket money on Mondays ONLY and will distribute more tickets on Wednesdays. If you have any questions regarding Raffle Tickets, feel free to contact Vonda Fulton at: 
432-978-4216 OR Vrfulton77@gmail.com  (date posted: 03/02/15)
We now have 66 days left!!! We will be sending home Spring Bash T-shirt order forms next week, so keep a look out for them. Please continue sending in your ideas on Sponsors. We will also be sending out information on the Car Show, the first of March as well. We are still in need of volunteers for the night of the Spring Bash. If you can help please let us know! We will need people for set up, clean up, working jumpers, and selling water. 
If you would like to volunteer for any of the above, please contact Vonda Fulton at:
432-978-4216 OR Vrfulton77@gmail.com	
Home
Staff
Fall Fundraiser
Officers and Chairman
									Spring Bash 2015								
Photo Album
Compass Academy Charter School5530 Billy Hext Rd, Odessa,
TX 79765
Phone: 432-272-1836
Search
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
Facebook
Twitter
RSS