About
Peak School
FAQ
Curriculum
Character
Education
Calendar &
Schedules
Snow
Policy
Internet
Policy
Tax
Credit
Activites
& Clubs
Faculty
& Staff
Homeless Education
Assistance Act
Every Student
Succeeds Act
In The
News
Health
News
Board
Meetings
& Budgets
Employment
Opportunities
An Official Core Knowledge© School and Model Visitation Site
Enrolling Kindergarten - 8th Grade
Click HERE for a registration form
Weekly Newsletter
  -  
Classroom Calendar
Tax Credit Donations      
Tax credit donations are a great way to help The PEAK School fund its     extracurricular activities.  Several parents and community members have asked about 	how they can make tax credit donations to our school's extracurricular activity fund. 	It's really quite simple -- just contact the school office, fill out the form we 	provide, and send your donation in to the school! 
If you're not quite sure what a tax credit is, or how it works,     the following is some basic information: 
1. The tax credit is available to     all taxpayers whether or not they have children in our school. 
2. Married couples filing AZ taxes     jointly can donate up to $400. Single or widowed individuals can donate up     to $200.
3. You help kids and it costs you     nothing. The law allows for a tax credit which is subtracted directly from     the amount of taxes you owe. So if you owe $400 in state income taxes and     write a tax credit check to the school for $400, you'd owe zero to the state.     If you're due a tax refund, the tax credit could add to your refund depending     on your individual tax situation.
 We are planning activities such as field trips now. Your contribution     can make a big difference in a young person's life. If you have additional     questions, please do not hesitate to call us at 928-779-0771. 
Download Tax Credit Form
                        Copyright © 2000-2018 THE PEAK SCHOOL
			2016 N. 1st Street, Suite A
			Flagstaff, AZ 86004
			Phone (928) 779-0771 Fax (928) 779-0774
info@peakschool.org
			Language Arts
			Math
			Science
			History
			Geography
			Art & Music			