Donate
Contact Us
Campus Locations
Resources
Search
News
Events
About DC Prep
»  Mission and Values
»  Our Team
Our Program
»  The DC Prep Way
»  Results
»  PrepNext
»  Prep EX!
Enrollment
»  Why DC Prep
»  Complete Your Enrollment
»  Enrollment Information
Careers
»  Job Opportunities
»  Make a Difference
»  A Teacher's Day
»  Professional Development
»  Compensation and Benefits
Our Schools
»  Edgewood Elementary Campus
»  Edgewood Middle Campus
»  Benning Elementary Campus
»  Benning Middle Campus
»  Anacostia Elementary Campus
»  PayPal Information
Get Involved
»  Back to School Bash
»  Support DC Prep
»  Stay In Touch
Compensation and Benefits
At DC Prep, we know that good talent needs to be celebrated and well-compensated. Read below to learn more details about our compensation and benefits. We think you’ll be impressed.
Compensation
DC Prep offers a highly competitive salary and believes in rewarding outstanding teachers in a variety of ways, including annual merit raises based on individual performance.
Health Benefits
DC Prep offers comprehensive health insurance that includes medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage.
Voluntary Retirement Plan
Eligible employees may contribute to a 403(b) retirement fund managed by The Principal Financial Group. After one year, DC Prep will match the employee’s contribution up to 5% of their salary.
Flexible Spending Account
The FSA is a tax-advantaged account allowing employees to set aside a portion of earnings to pay for qualifying expenses including medical expenses, dependent care, and commuter expenses.
Life and Disability Insurance
Eligible staff members are offered up to $50,000 of basic life insurance at no charge. DC Prep also provides both short- and long-term disability insurance at no charge to employees.
Paid Time Off
Through a combination of federal holidays, DC Prep winter, spring, and summer vacations, and ten personal days, DC Prep offers school-site staff a generous amount of paid time off. DC Prep also “buys back” half of an employee’s unused personal days each year.
Family and Parenting
DC Prep offers maternity, paternity, and parental paid leave at a set portion of the employee’s salary. Employees may also apply their personal days and unused vacation to their leave and receive 100% of pay. The Family and Medical Leave Act provides for additional unpaid leave.
Cell Phone Reimbursement
Teachers and school leaders are expected to be available for phone calls from students, parents, and colleagues until 8:00PM each school night. DC Prep provides a monthly $15 stipend for cell phone use.
Laptop
Employees receive a laptop computer for their professional use.
Loan Forgiveness
Teachers at DC Prep still paying off federal student loans may qualify for 
loan forgiveness
 on Stafford loans or to have Perkins loans cancelled. And employees of DC Prep are eligible to join the 
DC Teachers Federal Credit Union
, which offers free checking, lower rates, and fewer fees.
Stipends
Teachers receive stipends for serving as grade level leaders, doing targeted curriculum work as designated by their principal, working in the Prep EX! afterschool program, and teaching summer school.
Talent Referral Bonus
Employees can receive a $1,000 Referral Bonus for recommending talented candidates who are hired by DC Prep.
Fitness
Many area gyms, including Washington Sports Clubs, offer discounted rates for DC Prep employees.
 What are you waiting for? Join the DC Prep team today. 
Apply now!
» Job Opportunities
» Make a Difference
» A Teacher's Day
» Professional Development
» Compensation and Benefits
Join our Team
Join us and apply your passion.
Click to download our brochure
Watch a DC Prep teacher, teach.
Click to visit our YouTube channel
What our Leaders are Saying
“One of my most memorable moments at DC Prep was talking with the mother of a Preppie and hearing that as his preschool teacher I had, ‘changed the trajectory of her son's life’. This quote sticks with me every day.”
Sheneil Christian, Founding Resident Principal (Upcoming Elementary Campus)		
Get Connected 
About DC Prep
Mission and Values
Our Team
Our Program
The DC Prep Way
Results
PrepNext
Prep EX!
Enrollment
Why DC Prep
Complete Your Enrollment
Enrollment Information
Careers
Job Opportunities
Make a Difference
A Teacher's Day
Professional Development
Compensation and Benefits
Our Schools
Edgewood Elementary Campus
Edgewood Middle Campus
Benning Elementary Campus
Benning Middle Campus
Anacostia Elementary Campus
PayPal Information
Get Involved
Back to School Bash
Support DC Prep
Stay In Touch
© 2018 DC Prep. All Rights Reserved.
Site by 
Grafik
Donate
Contact Us
Campus Locations
Resources
Search
News
Events