Skip over navigation
ICAN Schools
Enroll
Donate
Curriculum
Contact
Site Search
					About Us
							About I CAN SCHOOLS
							Mission & Vision
							Our History
							Board of Directors
							FAQs
							I CAN Athletics
									Athlete Forms
									Athletic Department Directory
											Forms
									Athletics News
									Sports by Season
									Athletics: A Look into Our Future
									Testimonials
							Curriculum & Instruction
							Requests for Proposals
					Our Schools
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
											Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School: High School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
									Akron Preparatory School
									Canton College Preparatory School
					News & Events
							Featured News
							E-Newsletter
							Media & Press
							Press Releases
							Blog
					Parents
							Enrollment
									Indiana Orientation Form
							Parent Resources
							Transportation
							Uniform Expectations
							Student Data Release
							Calendar
							Child Find
					Careers
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
									Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program Application
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
							Enrollment
							Parent Resources
							Transportation
							Uniform Expectations
							Student Data Release
							Calendar
							Child Find
Typical Day for a K-8 Student 
A typical day for a student at I CAN SCHOOLS will include arriving at school around 7:30 am. Students will pass through a uniform check station, monitored by a building level leader to ensure he/she is in full uniform. Students will then proceed into the cafeteria for breakfast. As breakfast is being served, students have the opportunity to read, study and/or engage in conversation with a classmate.
At 8:00am, breakfast is over and the group is welcomed by a morning message given by the Principal or Dean of the school. The message sets the tone for the day, extends relationships outside of the classroom and helps to create a healthy student culture. Students are then escorted by their teachers to homeroom in preparation for the workday.
During first block (120 minutes) Kindergarten through Fifth grade students will have reading in their self-contained classrooms. Middle school students will have 75 minutes of Reading, Math or Science. All classes will begin with a "Do Now", move into an engaging Lesson Opener and progress through until the Exit Slip. Students will be expected to work hard and showcase a “do whatever it takes” mentality when approaching their work.
Throughout the day, students will have instruction in all core content areas (Reading, Writing, Math, Social Studies and Science); on specific days handwriting will be taught. Once to twice a day, either in the morning or afternoon, students have the opportunity of engaging in two instructional activities they REALLY enjoy: 1) going to the computer lab and/or 2) going to Physical Education, Spanish, Art, and/or Music. During these blocks of time, numerous and varied cooperative and project-based learning occurs.
By midday, the students go to lunch and have another opportunity to engage in conversation with friends and classmates. At lunch, many students take advantage of eating with a teacher, building level leader and/or getting tutored by a peer. As in the morning, the principal addresses the group for their afternoon message. The message usually focuses on observations made in the morning hours and/or strategies for their academic / behavior performance in the afternoon.
At two very strategic points in the morning and afternoon, instruction briefly stops so the teacher can implement Power Hour. Power Hour usually takes about 5 minutes and serves as an opportunity to celebrate the behaviors (good, not-so-good, and/or indifferent) of the students. Songs, poems and quick jingles are used to engage the students and to intrinsically motivate them to WANT to make good/better decisions. During Power Hour, students see the correlation between making right decisions and their individual code of conduct while in school.
Main Office
21100 Southgate Park Blvd.
Cleveland, OH 44137
1-888-977-ICAN (4226)
info@icanschools.org
Navigate
Home
About Us
Our Schools
History
Press
Enrollment
Curriculum
Featured News
E-Newsletter
Leadership
Donate
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2011 - 2018 I CAN SCHOOLS. All rights reserved.
Web Design + Development by Next Level Interactive
loading