Skip over navigation
ICAN Schools
Enroll
Donate
Curriculum
Contact
Site Search
					About Us
							About I CAN SCHOOLS
							Mission & Vision
							Our History
							Board of Directors
							FAQs
							I CAN Athletics
									Athlete Forms
									Athletic Department Directory
											Forms
									Athletics News
									Sports by Season
									Athletics: A Look into Our Future
									Testimonials
							Curriculum & Instruction
							Requests for Proposals
					Our Schools
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
											Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School: High School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
									Akron Preparatory School
									Canton College Preparatory School
					News & Events
							Featured News
							E-Newsletter
							Media & Press
							Press Releases
							Blog
					Parents
							Enrollment
									Indiana Orientation Form
							Parent Resources
							Transportation
							Uniform Expectations
							Student Data Release
							Calendar
							Child Find
					Careers
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
									Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program Application
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
							Cleveland
							Akron/Canton
									Akron Preparatory School
									Canton College Preparatory School
Canton College Preparatory School 
101 Cleveland Ave. NW
Canton, Ohio 44702
330.455.0498 (office)
info@icanschools.com
Serving grades K-8
New expanded location
Free yellow-bus transportation
Free extracurricular activities
2016-17 Academic Calendar
2016-17 Social Events Calendar 
A Brighter Opportunity
Canton College Preparatory School is a true community school that is  housed in the heart of downtown Canton.   As members of a community that was formerly known for manufacturing, the  resilient citizens of Canton have set the stage for a blossoming  service industry that centers upon finance, health care, and education.   Our school is poised to prepare scholars to thrive in Canton’s burgeoning economy by providing an exceptional educational option.
Investing in Service Learning
Canton College Preparatory School is a new addition to the I CAN SCHOOLS network, and invests in service learning that enables our scholars to experience the reward that is found in giving. While service learning projects begin within our neighborhood with community clean up days, & contributions to elderly care facilities, they expand across the ocean as our students participate in a yearlong international service project that allows them to meet the needs of children & families outside of the United States of America.
Enhanced Work Projects
In addition to rigorous instruction in core content subjects our students will participate in enhanced work projects.  Kindergarten through second grade scholars are members of character communities that share their hearts, hardships, and triumphs in a safe and welcoming atmosphere as part of their school day.  Third through fifth grade scholars respond to writing prompts that build upon the importance of their lives and contributions as well as the importance and contributions of other significant people in their lives.  A visit to our campus reveals students who are joyfully engaged & meaningfully on-task, leaders who are both friendly and firm, and accomplished instructors who are attentive and approachable.  Scholars are celebrated for demonstrating character that improves their lives as well as the lives of others.
Remarkable Teachers
We celebrate successes both big and small and I CAN SCHOOLS educators prove that we have a lot to celebrate.  Can you picture it? Take a moment and think about the favorite teachers in your life.  Where they inspirational? Did they motivate you to achieve? Did they connect with you on a personal level?  Picture a school full of remarkable teachers who understand that relationships are everything.  Canton College Preparatory teachers endeavor to truly transform school life by establishing bonds with students and family members from day one.
Canton College Preparatory School teachers have the skills and mindsets to provide a tremendous education in a no-excuses environment that will allow our graduates to have choices in life. Our mission reminds us that all of our scholars will go to high school and ultimately attend and graduate from a four year college.  Scholars can be expected to complete homework each night because they deserve to be academically excellent.  Additional student work is made available to help parent’s further steer student learning at home.  We hold after school tutoring as well as Saturday School for students who struggle.  Our teachers also provide extra help for students during their own planning periods and serve as academic mentors who help parents and students find success early on and to provide ongoing support throughout the school year.
Music Programs
Music inspires learning and the infusion of Flocabulary into our academic program provides scholars with an opportunity to utilize educational hip hop music and accompanying books in the classroom.  Making a connection between core curriculum and music sets a tone for a unique and unbelievable educational experience.
Committed to the Success of Canton, Ohio
Families who choose to attend Canton College Preparatory School can expect dinner table conversations that are filled with happy stories about college plans, inspiring teachers, and the fun of serving others.  We are committed to the success of Canton, Ohio and to the spirited families that serve as its backbone.   Our rigorous academic program, unique instruction, and our focus on service learning will captivate our students and families and enrich our city.
A Typical Day for a K-8 Student
Additional Information
PBIS
The school has adopted the State of Ohio’s policy for the use of positive behavior intervention supports and the use of restraint and seclusion. OAC 3301-35-15
Main Office
21100 Southgate Park Blvd.
Cleveland, OH 44137
1-888-977-ICAN (4226)
info@icanschools.org
Navigate
Home
About Us
Our Schools
History
Press
Enrollment
Curriculum
Featured News
E-Newsletter
Leadership
Donate
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2011 - 2018 I CAN SCHOOLS. All rights reserved.
Web Design + Development by Next Level Interactive
loading