Skip over navigation
ICAN Schools
Enroll
Donate
Curriculum
Contact
Site Search
					About Us
							About I CAN SCHOOLS
							Mission & Vision
							Our History
							Board of Directors
							FAQs
							I CAN Athletics
									Athlete Forms
									Athletic Department Directory
											Forms
									Athletics News
									Sports by Season
									Athletics: A Look into Our Future
									Testimonials
							Curriculum & Instruction
							Requests for Proposals
					Our Schools
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
											Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School: High School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
									Akron Preparatory School
									Canton College Preparatory School
					News & Events
							Featured News
							E-Newsletter
							Media & Press
							Press Releases
							Blog
					Parents
							Enrollment
									Indiana Orientation Form
							Parent Resources
							Transportation
							Uniform Expectations
							Student Data Release
							Calendar
							Child Find
					Careers
							Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program
									Aspiring Leader Fellowship Program Application
							Who We Are
							Why I CAN?
							What Makes Us Unique
							Our Victories & Achievements
							How To Apply
							Ask A Recruiter
							Employment Opportunities
									Operations Coordinator
									Network Transportation Coordinator
									Intervention Aide
									Beginning Strings Music Teacher
									High School Business Literacy Instructor
							Cleveland
									Northeast Ohio College Preparatory School
									Cleveland College Preparatory School
									University of Cleveland Preparatory School
									Lake Erie Preparatory School
									Ohio College Preparatory School
							Akron/Canton
Cleveland College Preparatory School 
4906 Fleet Avenue
Cleveland, Ohio 44105
216.341.1347 (office)
216.341.4466 (fax)
clevelandcollegeprep.org
Serving grades K-8
Located in the historic Slavic Village
State-of-the-art technology lab
Unique Kindergarten space
Located in the Historic Slavic Village
Cleveland College Preparatory School, serving scholars in grades K-8, is located in the historic Slavic Village neighborhood on the southeast side of Cleveland. Slavic Village, from Fleet Avenue to Broadway, is one of the city’s oldest neighborhoods. It has a rich history that values close connections to family and church and has a number of unique assets. The area is rich in diversity and this is evident throughout the neighborhood. Its future is bright and its vision is a vibrant, healthy community that promotes active living.
The Slavic Village neighborhood places a strong emphasis on top-notch educational opportunities and has recognized Cleveland College Prep as one such school. Our school has developed a strong relationship with the Slavic Village Development and works hand in hand to assist families in this neighborhood with community events and resident needs.
Campus & Amenities
Cleveland College Preparatory School has a “family” feel. As one of the smallest schools in the network, we boast a close-knit relationship that is formed with all scholars and families. One feature that is unique to our school is our Kindergarten “house.” We have been able to secure the small building that sits directly next to the school itself. With its own house, the Kindergarten teachers have been able to create a space entirely unique to Kindergarten needs. The Special Education department shares this space with the Kindergarten and this has allowed the Special Education teachers to create a private space for small-group and individualized instruction. The main building boasts a spacious gymnasium and fully-functional stage that are both utilized for a number of student activities. These activities include movies, pep rallies, assemblies, PE classes, school dances and choir concerts. We also have a state of the art technology lab that contains 35 computers for student use. These computers are utilized for both formal computer classes and student projects. Three extra-curricular programs that are unique to our school are elementary martial arts and middle school basketball and student council. We have a strong middle school basketball program that boasts an undefeated record.
A Stellar Academic Program
Cleveland College Preparatory School has been in operation for three years and has maintained a stellar academic program that has allowed scholars in grades 3-8 to excel on state standardized testing. Our school has achieved an Effective rating from Ohio’s State Department of Education. This accomplishment can be attributed to our strong academic program and teaching staff. Our school was also recognized by our sponsor as a School of Improvement in year one. The local Slavic Village newspaper has also recognized Cleveland College Preparatory School as a school that families want to attend.
Teachers & Staff
The teaching staff at Cleveland College Preparatory School is one of a kind. Teacher retention is high and many of our teachers and support staff have been with us since the beginning. The faculty at Cleveland College Preparatory School has an incredibly strong work ethic and goes above and beyond what is asked of them each day. Our students are our main priority and we do whatever it takes to allow them to be successful. We hold after-school tutoring each day as well as Saturday School course for students who struggle. Our teachers also utilize their own “free periods” to assist students with extra help. In addition to regular daily lessons, our teachers provide extra work packets for families per request. Our staff embodies the school’s mission that all scholars will go to a college prep high school and ultimately attend and graduate from college. The mindset at Cleveland College Preparatory School has always been “students first.” Our families feel supported and welcomed by our teachers and staff at all times and our communication with families is exceptionally strong. Whether it is a phone call, email or brief chat after tutoring, families can be assured that teachers will find a way to communicate with them.
Families who choose to attend Cleveland College Preparatory School can expect a safe learning environment with a close-knit family feel. Our success will continue to flourish as we welcome new families into our school.
A Typical Day for a K-8 Student
Additional Information
PBIS
The school has adopted the State of Ohio’s policy for the use of positive behavior intervention supports and the use of restraint and seclusion. OAC 3301-35-15
Main Office
21100 Southgate Park Blvd.
Cleveland, OH 44137
1-888-977-ICAN (4226)
info@icanschools.org
Navigate
Home
About Us
Our Schools
History
Press
Enrollment
Curriculum
Featured News
E-Newsletter
Leadership
Donate
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2011 - 2018 I CAN SCHOOLS. All rights reserved.
Web Design + Development by Next Level Interactive
loading