Skip to main content
Search site using Google
Search Site button
Logo link to home page
Toggle navigation 
										Compass Montessori School
Home
About Us  
About Compass Montessori School
Outcomes
Enrollment
Tours and Parent Orientation
Observation Policy
Contact Us
Driving Directions
Programs  
Important Secondary School Dates 2017-2018
Secondary Bell Schedule
High School
Farm School  
Farm School New Parent Orientation
Coffee Shop Opening
Farm School Overview
Occupations
Community and Kitchen Occupation
Farm Studio Occupation
Store Occupation
Makerspace
Credit Overview for Farm School Students (9th Grade)
Learn Math Facts - Why is it Important
Farm School Staff  Qualifications and Fun Facts
Wheat Ridge Children's House  
Mountain Room
Prairie Room
Forest Room
Golden Children's House  
Golden Children's House West
Golden Children's House East
Wheat Ridge Lower Elementary  
Cypress Room
Acacia Room
Aspen Room
Golden Lower Elementary  
Aquamarine Room
Pyrite Room
Wheat Ridge Upper Elementary  
Earth Room
Water Room
Fire Room
Golden Upper Elementary  
Garnet Room
Topaz Room
Before & After School Care
Golden Campus After School Activities
Wheat Ridge Campus After School Activities
Destination Imagination
Compass Staff  
Golden Staff and Bios
Wheat Ridge Staff and Bios
Parents  
Important Phone Numbers
Compass All School Hours
Golden Campus Carline Procedure
Wheat Ridge Drop Off and Pick Up
Compass Community Ski Day
Golden Drop Off and Pick Up
School Emergency Situations Information
Compass Running Club
Parent Education  
Compassionate Parenting Class
Compass Summer Program
Why is “Grace & Courtesy” a big deal in Montessori?
Montessori Lessons  
Elementary Noun Lesson 
Long Division - Test Tubes
6-9 Multiplication Lesson
Small Bead Frame Lesson
Parent Seminars
Assessment Tools
How to add the Compass Website to my mobile device
2018 Spring CMAS Assessments
Barn Dance and Potluck
Ninja the Walkout
Students  
Student Information
Student Use of District Computing Resources and the Internet
Forms & Links
QUICK LINKS
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program  
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications  
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer  
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook  
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics  
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
					Quick Links				
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
Enrollment Process and Questions    
ENROLLMENT PROCESS & FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Steps for Enrollment at Compass Montessori School:
Tour the Golden campus. While this is not mandatory it is highly recommended so that you can experience Compass Montessori as a whole school, serving children preschool through twelfth grade. Your child may attend the Tour with you. Pre-registration is required for all Tour dates. 
In order to prevent any interruption of student learning, we limit the number of tour attendees.
Attend one of the MANDATORY Parent Orientation meetings at our Wheat Ridge campus. This is a more informational meeting and is not recommended for children.
Fill out a First Round Choice Enrollment Form (provided at the Parent Orientation)and submit it within the Enrollment Window. 
Submit a Choice Enrollment Form for the lottery via email or mail.  
Forms may be submitted at either campus. We cannot accept early submissions. Your Choice Enrollment Form must be marked by a Compass Montessori School staff member on the evening of the Parent Orientation that you attend. Parents with children already enrolled at Compass Montessori School do not need to attend the Parent Orientation meeting. Parents who attended last year’s Parent Orientation do not need to attend again for one year; we have records that document your attendance. It would behoove you to note the month you attended at the top of the Choice Enrollment Form  
Wait for a call from us to offer your child a space in our program, cross-campus. Once offered, you have 48 hours to accept the spot or it will be released to the next student on the waitlist.
Frequently asked questions:
I missed the First Round Choice Lottery. What do I do?
We do have a Second Round Choice Lottery window. Refer to the Forms and Links page for the Second Round Choice Form.
Do I need to submit a Choice Enrollment Form at both the Wheat Ridge and Golden campus?
Enrollment at Compass Montessori School is a combined enrollment. Only one Choice Enrollment Form per child is necessary.
What age does my child have to be in order to start in Compass Montessori School’s  Children's House program?
Your child must be 3 years old by October 1st to attend Compass Montessori School. Children must be independent with their toileting needs prior to attending.
Do I need to pre-register for the Parent Orientation meeting?
No pre-registration is required. Please arrive 5 minutes before the meeting is scheduled to begin.
Do I need to pre-register for the Tour?
Pre-registration is required for each of the Tour dates. Please sign up online via clicking here or by calling (303) 271-1977 ext. 2221 to sign-up
Can I bring my child to the Tour or Parent Orientation?
Children are welcome to attend the Tour. The Parent Orientation meeting, however, requires a more focused audience and we do not recommend bringing children.  
How long is the Parent Orientation meeting?
These meetings can take up to 1 hour.
How long is the Tour?
The tours last approximately 1.5 hours and are led by our Golden principal.
What if I live out of state?
If you live out of state, you may print the Choice Enrollment form fax, email, or mail it to us. If your child is offered a spot at Compass Montessori School, and you have not attended our Parent Orientation, we require a one-on-one informational meeting with you before you accept your position.
What if I attended the Parent Orientation last year?
You only need to attend a Parent Orientation meeting every other year. However, you do need to submit a new Choice Enrollment form each year. Please note on the Choice Enrollment form the month you attended the Parent Orientation during the previous year.
What if I want my child at the Golden campus but am offered a spot at Wheat Ridge (or vice versa)?
We are one school with two campuses. If you choose to decline a spot for your child when offered, you have officially released your space  
Is there a possibility that my child can transfer between campuses?
No.  
I didn’t get a call. Now what?
Unfortunately, you must be patient and wait. We begin calling families about available spots during the first week in February. This process can take a couple weeks. If you do not hear within the first couple of weeks of February, it probably means that your child has been put on the waitlist. You may call the office at either campus to find out your place n the Lottery.  
Compass Montessori School is a Jefferson County Public Charter School.  Our preschool program is tuition based and Enrollment is free of charge for Half day Kindergarten through 12th grade and open to:
First, current 6th graders in our Elementary program will be granted admission to the Golden campus for 7th grade.
Second, siblings of current Compass Montessori students who have completed the Choice Enrollment form for the lottery and returned them to Compass Montessori School by the submission deadlines.
Third, other students from Jefferson County who have completed the Choice Enrollment form and returned them to Compass Montessori School by the submission deadlines.
Lastly, students from outside of Jefferson County who have completed the Choice Enrollment forms and returned them to Compass Montessori School by the submission deadlines.
            This is a secure Staff Intranet content page and cannot be viewed by the public.  			Please contact your Technology Director to gain access to the Staff Intranet 			area in order to view this page.			
            Thank you,
Facebook            
Intranet            
CMS Login            
Facebook            
                    Compass Montessori School Wheat Ridge | 10399 W. 44th Ave. • Wheat Ridge, CO 80033                    
                    (303) 420-8288 • Attendance: (303) 982-6560 • Fax: (303) 420-0139                
                    Compass Montessori School Golden | 4441 Salvia St. • Golden, CO 80403                    
                    (303) 271-1977 • Attendance: (303) 982-6732 • Fax: (720) 613-0347                