skip to Content
skip to Navigation
Search Form
Quick Search:
Search
Website Menu
Website Menu
Main Menu
Close  Menu Subpages
AER Report
Our Model
Open Our Model Menu Subpages
Commitments and Expectations
Technology
Our Learning Process
Core Values
About Us
Close About Us Menu Subpages
What We Do
Who We Are
Relevant Academy News
Salary and Budget Transparency Report
Board of Directors
Open Board of Directors Menu Subpages
2016-17 Archived Board Meeting Schedule and Minutes
Technology Plan
Title I/31A policies and procedures
Parent Information
Join Our Team!
Open Join Our Team! Menu Subpages
Contact Us
Employment Opportunities
Calendar
More Links
Find Us on Facebook
Who We Are            
Home
About Us
Who We Are
Who are the people that support you at Relevant Academy?
Jennifer Varney
Jennifer is the Executive Director of Relevant Academy.  After graduating from Maple Valley High School, she attended Western Michigan University.  While at WMU, she received her Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, a Master’s in Career and Technical Education and a Master’s in Educational Leadership.  She comes to Relevant from Charlotte Public schools where she was a business and technology teacher, media/technology director and administrator for several years.  Jennifer lives in Charlotte with her husband Chris and enjoys traveling, golfing and being outdoors.
Loretta Williams
Loretta is the Team Leader at Relevant Academy.  After graduating from Lansing Sexton High School, she earned a Bachelor's Degree (Criminal Justice) from Michigan State University and a Master's Degree (Management) from Cornerstone University.  Loretta has been with Relevant Academy since planning and development of the Academy began, joining the Relevant Academy team after 20 years of working with at-risk populations in both Ingham and Eaton counties.  Her experience has given her the ability to work with learners to set goals and overcome any barriers that may interfere with achieving them.  As an active member of several human services collaboratives in Eaton county, Loretta is able to connect learners and their families to additional supports in the community.
April Delecki
As the Office Manager, April comes to us with a lifetime of working with kids. April worked for 13 years at a High School Main Office. She brings that experience here to help organize Learners, Learning Coaches and Team Leaders with whatever they need to run efficiently.
Lauren Zoumbaris
Lauren is the social studies learning coach, technology instructional specialist, and test coordinator at Relevant Academy. After graduation from Rochester Adams High School, she attended Michigan State University earning a Bachelor’s Degree in interdisciplinary studies in social science and German. Lauren earned her Master's Degree in 2015 from The University of Michigan, Dearborn in Educational Technology.  She taught high school social studies for two years before coming to Relevant Academy at West Michigan Academy of Environmental Science and Holt High School. She is also the assistant age group swim coach for the Charlotte Tiger Shark swim team. Lauren lives in Haslett with her husband Ryan and dog Indy. She enjoys traveling and being outdoors when she’s not at school.
Brian Barden
Our new math coach at Relevant Academy is Brian Barden.  He has previously taught Algebra and Geometry at Battle Creek Central High School and worked in the math classroom at Ingham Academy in Lansing. He is a graduate of Albion College and added Math and Social Studies endorsements to his teaching certificate in the spring of 2014 (Baker College). He and his wife reside in Eaton Rapids and have 3 kids and 6 grandchildren. He is looking forward to getting to know the students and parents at Relevant. ​
About Us
What We Do
Who We Are
Relevant Academy News
Salary and Budget Transparency Report
Board of Directors
Technology Plan
Title I/31A policies and procedures
STAFF INFORMATION:
Main Office: (517) 541-8949
Program Director  
Jennifer Varney
Office Manager 
April Delecki
Team Leader 
Loretta Williams
Learning Coach
 Khati Brazee 
 (Physical Education, Health)
 Learning Coach Brian Barden and Jessica Woodward (English LA)
Learning Coach 
Lauren Zoumbaris
  (Social Studies)
Learning Coach 
Brian Barden
  (Math)
Learning Coach 
John Ley
 (Science)
Learning Coach 
Elisabeth Welfare
 (Art) 
Special Education Consultant 
Pat Moffitt
Relevant Academy: Office            
512 East Lovett Street            
Charlotte
,
MI
 48813            
                (P)            517-541-8949            
                (F)            517-541-3141            
Browse website in: 
Arabic
Bulgarian
Burmese
Catalan
Chinese
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lithuanian
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Vietnamese
Copyright © 2018
Powered by 
Foxbright
Download the latest PDF Viewer
Back to top