Search for:
Menu
 Home
 Welcome!
 About
 Who We Are
 History & Vision
 Campuses
 Locations Around the Valley
 East Mesa
 Meet the Teachers
 FAQ
 FamilyLink
 East Mesa Calendar
 Gilbert Early College
 Meet the Teachers
 FAQ
 FamilyLink
 Gilbert Early College Calendar
 Gilbert Elementary
 Meet the Teachers
 FAQ
 FamilyLink
 Gilbert Elementary Calendar
 Maricopa
 Meet the Teachers
 FAQ
 FamilyLink
 Maricopa Calendar
 Mountain View
 Meet the Teachers
 FAQ
 FamilyLink
 Mountain View Calendar
 Online Academy
 Principal’s Note
 Course List
 Edgenuity Student Portal
 Online Familylink
 GCU Dual Enrollment
 LEAO Calendar
 Enrollment
 Find Out How To Enroll
 Enrollment Info
 Online Enrollment
 Resources
 Helpful Documents & Resources
 Supply List (All Campuses)
 FamilyLink
 Calendars
 Calendar 2017/2018
 Proposed Calendar 2018/2019
 Handbook & Dress Code
 Notices / Policies
 Lunch Info
 Tax Credit Program
 Employment
 Section 504
 Contact
 Get In Touch
 Contact
                    GEC Staff                
Home
· 
Gilbert Early College
· 
GEC Staff
Meet The Principal: Dr. Gerald Slemmer
Dr. Slemmer joins the Leading Edge Team with more than 40 years of experience in Education. He has  Bachelors and Masters degrees in education from Arizona State University and a Doctor of Education from Widener University. Over the course of his education career has has served as  principal, assistant principal, physical education department supervisor, and head football coach.
Dr. Slemmer brings all his experience to Leading Edge to help us continue to build the reputation we have for strong academics, athletics, performing arts, and extra curricular activities.
A Note from the Principal: Dr. Gerald Slemmer
Dear Leading Edge Families,
I am very fortunate  and excited to serve all of our students attending the Leading Edge Academy, Gilbert campus. We at the Academy, are very proud of our excellent teachers and staff.They will deliver a rigorous and relevant curriculum designed to prepare students for the challenges they will face in the 21st century. It will also be our duty to help each and every student be successful in their academic pursuits. 
We believe that all students can become independent lifelong learners and we will assist them in that effort throughout their years at the LEA Gilbert Early College campus. Citizenship and character is the foundation of our school and students are expected to take responsibility for their own learning .Students will have opportunities to  participate in seminars based on character and ethics as well as be involved in a community service program. 
As part of the Leading Edge team, please feel free to share concerns, questions, and successes with our staff. We are here to help ensure all of our students have a successful school experience and that our families feel supported and part of the educational process.
Sincerely,
Dr. Gerald D. Slemmer
Principal
Teacher & Staff Bios
GEC Office
Gilbert Early College Office Staff
Mrs. Mary Ellen Lee graduated from ASU with a Bachelors in Mathematical Education and a Masters in Educational Leadership. Math has always been something that has excited her. She love being able to show students how productive struggle can really pay off. Her goal is that EVERY student realizes that math is something they will use for the rest of their lives and are capable of understanding and conquering it with a little hard work. Outside of school her passion is volunteering at her church in the High School ministry and traveling to any country/state/city she can with her husband.                        
Mary Ellen Lee
Assistant Principal
mlee@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mrs. Jennifer Garcia has been the Business Specialist for the Gilbert campus since 2012. She comes to Leading Edge from the Town of Gilbert where she worked in Personnel and Risk Management. Jennifer's husband also works at the Gilbert campus and all 3 of her boys attend Leading Edge Academy.                        
Jennifer Garcia
Business Specialist
jgarcia@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Administrative Assistant II                        
Gina Strasser
Administrative Assistant II
gstrasser@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Receptionist                        
Laurie Herman
Receptionist
lherman@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Academic Advisor                        
Ryan Bradley
Academic Advisor
rbradley@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
GEC
Gilbert Early College Staff
Ms. Mary Smith is currently teaching middle level science for GEC. She has a masters in middle level curriculum development with a concentration on science. Mary's teaching career has contained a variety of experiences. She started teaching in January 1994 in a 4th 5th grade combination classroom, taught science methods as an adjunct for University of Wisconsin-Platteville, Algebra for ACU, and 20 years as a middle school teacher for three separate districts; Cedar Rapids IA Public School District, Dodgeville WI Public School District and GEC.                        
Mary Smith
Science & Math
msmith@leadingaz.com                       
Ms. Kari Sleezer's passions include reading, writing, coffee, and traveling, and as an alumni of Gilbert Early College she is interested in seeing students develop their passions as she did while attending GEC. She received her bachelor’s degree in English Literature from Arizona State University and returned to Leading Edge Academy as part of the teaching staff immediately after graduating from ASU. Whenever school is not in session, she is most likely off traveling with a great book in hand or volunteering with a local organization.                        
Kari Sleezer
English
ksleezer@leadingaz.com                       
English                        
Shasta Schrempp
English
sschrempp@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mrs. Nikki Austin Foster has taught at Leading Edge Academy since 2004. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in History from Arizona State University. She has taught elementary, high school and has settled into teaching junior high. She enjoys reading, traveling and playing softball. She is the head coach of the Lady Spartans varsity softball team and also has coached the junior high boys basketball team. She enjoy the opportunity to teach your children and share her passion of history and the world with them!                        
Nikki Austin Foster
History & Geography
nfoster@leadingaz.com                       
Math Teacher                        
Joy Fogel
Math
jfogel@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mrs. Geneva Perkins grew up most of her life in Southern California before moving to Arizona. She went to High School in Northern Arizona then came down and graduated from Arizona State University. She worked for a firm for 25+ years handling all of the Employee Benefits for their clients before coming to Leading Edge Academy Gilbert Early College to teach Middle School math. She has been married for almost 20 years and has 2 daughters. She loves anything to do with animals and antiques.                        
Geneva Perkins
Math
gperkins@leadingaz.com                       
Middle School History Teacher                        
Tristram Vaughan
Middle School History
tvaughan@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mr Dallas Lee Peebles has a bachelors degree in Physical Education and Mathematics from Northern Arizona University. He has spent the last 25 years in the Mesa Public School teaching math and as the Department Chair at Red Mountain HS and taught at Superior High School before that. He has been involved in coaching throughout his teaching career and is very pleased to now be at GEC and a part of the Leading Edge family.                        
Lee Peebles
Math
lpeebles@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mrs. Allison Baugues graduated in 2010 with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science and a minor in English Literature from Arizona State University. She completed a teacher training program through Rio Salado College in 2013. Mrs. Baugues is back for her 5th year of teaching with Leading Edge - Gilbert Early College after taking a couple years to be home with her two children. When not teaching, Mrs. Baugues enjoys reading, crocheting, and traveling with her family. Her favorite part of teaching is encouraging and challenging each of her students.                        
Allison Baugues
Government and Economics
abauges@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Science Teacher                        
Chris Mylott
Science
cmylott@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Biology Teacher                        
Daniel Miller
Biology
dmiller@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Language Arts                        
Adrianne Moskal
Language Arts
amoskal@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mrs. Katie Bradley received her BA in Liberal Arts and Sciences from Wichita State University, majoring in English with a minor in Speech Communication. In 2011, Katie received her Master of Arts in Communication. From 2005-2009, Katie was a starter for the Div. 1, Wichita State Shockers' Volleyball Team and went on to play for Arizona's professional volleyball team, The Arizona Sizzle from 2013-2014. Katie coaches the Spartan's Varsity volleyball team, winning the 2013, D2 State Championship and received the "Coach of the Year" award. With both parents as art teachers, it came natural to love and teach art to others.                        
Katie Bradley
Art & Yearbook Adviser
kbradley@leadingaz.com                       
Physical Education                        
Jeremy Basham
Physical Education
jbasham@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mrs. Tracie Kruszeski and her husband relocated to Arizona from the Albany, NY area in September 2015. She graduated from the College of Saint Rose in Albany in May 1999 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Special Education. Tracie taught in a 3rd-5th grade 15:1:1 classroom in Gloversville, NY at the beginning of her career. She later moved on to teach a 9th-12th grade 12:1:1 classroom in Stillwater, NY. Tracie took a break from the classroom and did in home teaching for special needs infants, toddlers and preschoolers through Head Start in Saratoga Springs, NY. She is excited to be teaching at Leading Edge Academy as well as being back in the classroom again.                        
Tracie Kruszeski
Special Education
tkruszeski@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Mrs. Rosa Jevahirjian is currently teaching Spanish 1 and 2, grades 9-12. She graduated from California State University, Long Beach with her degrees in Spanish and Secondary Education. She currently holds a California and Arizona state teaching license. This will be her 11th year teaching Spanish. Outside of School she enjoys spending time with her family and her dog.                        
Rosa Jevahirjian
Spanish
rjevahirjian@leadingaz.com                       
Ms. Laura Lindstrom has her BA in Vocal Performance and Speech Drama, from North Park University in Chicago, Ill. She holds a Provisional Career and Technical Education and Training Certificate. Ms.Lindstrom is a member of the NAfMe and the AMEA. She has been teaching for Leading Edge for over 10 years. Ms. Lindstrom currently attends Red Mountain Christian Center where she has been the Choir Director for over 20 years.                        
Laura Lindstrom
Music & Performing Arts
llindstrom@leadingaz.com                       
Special Education Department Lead                        
Cynthia Crown
Special Education Department Lead
ccrown@leadingedgeacademy.com                       
Campus Links
Campus Home
Meet the Teachers
FAQ
FamilyLink
Gilbert Early College Calendar
Spartan Sports Website
Contact
Gilbert Early College
Grades 7-12
(voice) 480.545.8011
(fax) 480.493.0488
717 W. Ray Road
Gilbert, AZ   85233
Accredited By:
In accordance with Federal Law, Leading Edge Academy does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, or disability.
                © 2018 Leading Edge Academy        
Home
Staff
Enrollment
Contact
Employment
BESbswy