Menu
Skip to content
Home
About District
Elementary
Charter
Wild Ducks and Duckies
Mission & Vision
Non Discrimination Statement
School Board >
Board Meetings Dates
Board Members
Agenda & Packets
Minutes
Public Notices
Employment
LCAP
LEAP
SARC
Calendar
Academics
Courses of Study >
Language Arts
Math
Physical Education
Science
Social Studies
Enrichment >
Wellness Policy
Links
Art Docent
Electives
GATE
Homework Club
Music & Drama
Athletics
Technology
Parents
School Supply List
Admissions
PTA >
Fundraising
Gear
Upcoming Events
Principals Page
Character Development
School Documents
School Schedule
Supply Needs
Volunteers
School Rules
Forms
Home Access
Lunch Menu & Carb Count
Gallery
Directory
Contact Us
Principal
Staff Links
Staff Directory
Location and Directions
Quick Links
Admissions
Admissions
Enroll Today!
We are currently accepting applications for the 2015/2016 school year.  Admission is open to any resident of California who is of legal age to attend public school (e.g., old enough to join kindergarten). Chicago Park District Residents New Enrollees If you live in the school district, please complete the enrollment paperwork and submit it to the school office.
Forms are available online (click here) or in the district office.
Out-of-District Residents/Existing Students
All existing out of district students must submit the annual inter-district attendance agreement to your district of residence. If it is denied, you may still attend our school by enrolling in Chicago Park Community Charter School. Click here for an inter-district attendance agreement form New Enrollees If you do not live in the District but are interested in attending Chicago Park School, the first step is to complete an inter-district attendance agreement and send it to your district of residence. If it is denied, don”t panic! You may fill out a Chicago Park Community Charter School application and submit it to the District office.
For Charter School Application, click here.
The Lottery and Priority Applications Students are admitted to the charter school based upon the numeric priority scale listed below.
If the number of applications for admission in any grade exceeds the capacity of the school for that grade, once the priority students are admitted, the spaces in that grade will be filled by lottery. Siblings of students currently enrolled in the District. Children of staff/personnel who work in the Chicago Park Elementary School District. Students whose parent’s place of employment is within the School District boundaries. Students whose day care is within the District boundaries.  For all others, the lottery drawing for the next school year will be held in a public forum each June if necessary. Students not selected through the lottery process will be placed on a waiting list. If an opening should become available, those on the top of the waiting list (determined by lottery) will be given first choice to attend CPCCS.
After the lottery, families will receive their official enrollment forms and will be informed of the enrollment process. If the number of applications to a grade does not exceed the number of spaces available in that grade, there will be no lottery for that grade, and all students for that grade who submitted qualified applications will be enrolled. In future years, currently enrolled Charter School students will not participate in the random drawing, as they are automatically reserved a space for the following year.
Applications should be submitted to: Chicago Park School District 15725 Mt. Olive Road, Grass Valley, CA
Find your Way
Home
Site Map
PTA
Calendar
Board Agenda
Board Minutes
Principals Page
Forms
Directions
Wild Ducks and Duckies
About
Search our Site
Search
Help & Support
Academic Calendar
Contact Us
School Documents
SARC
            Bota simple WordPress Theme
            Powered By WordPress 		