All Tribes American Indian Charter School
Home
About Us
Principal's Message
Mission & Vision
School Policies
Staff Directory
Directions
Photo Album
Links
Academics
Our Schools
Enrollment
Curriculum
Academic Departments
Report Card
Library
Students
Classes / Homework
Bell Schedule
Clubs and Activities
Lunch Menu
Parents
Calendar
Contact Teachers
Parent Involvement
Parent Resources
Volunteer Opportunities
Staff
Webmail Login
Staff Resources
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
Twitter
Facebook
Now accepting registration for the 2016-2017 School Year
About Us
			 » Mission & Philosophy			
Mission & Philosophy
		Mission
The All Tribes American Indian Charter School strives to establish a foundation that will promote higher learning standards and achievement through exploring diverse experience, opportunities, and interests while adjusting to the learning needs of our students.
All Tribes American Indian Charter School provides a unique culturally enhanced program where student are encouraged to use the skills taught to master grade level standards as determined by a variety of practical and alternative assessments.
Students will graduate with the knowledge, motivation and inspiration to be self-confident contributing members of society.
Philosophy 
“If students don’t learn the way we teach them, we must teach the way they learn.” 
The common vision shared by the parents, students many teachers and community members who have provided input for this proposal (school) is that a rigorous and engaging educational program must be provided in the context of a traditional American Indian learning process. A program that respects the integrity of each individual student. Everyone involved believes that every student has the ability to succeed if the appropriate educational opportunities and supports are provided for them.
It is believed that “Heavy doses of culture and language in the school are the anti-dote for the damage caused by the boarding schools and the public schools still perpetuating the colonialistic mentality.” It is believed that there are three basic things that help students (all students) to be successful in school and as productive citizens. These three things are: 
1) Having a positive self-image and all of the issues surrounding identity; 2) Having your culture affirmed; and 3) Just having someone who cares who there for you.
An important element to student success is relevance. If students see that material, curriculum, etc are relevant to them, they will work to achieve success. If things are not relevant to them, they will give up and not try. We found last year that this is very true.
The “Student-centered” school philosophy views the student as the “centre of importance, not the curriculum.” It involves a break from the traditional teacher lecture and student listen and take notes format of instruction. The “Student-centered” program will strengthen our students’ self-motivation and persistence, building transitional skills and scaffolding students’ independent success levels, our students will progress and develop overall academic success. The students will be assigned with open-ended questions, problems requiring critical or creative thinking that cannot be solved by following text examples. Students will be involved in simulations and role-playing. A variety of “unconventional writing exercises” will be utilized. Self-paced and/or cooperative (team-based) learning will be assigned to students. This type of program leads to increased motivation to learn, greater retention of knowledge, deeper understanding and a more positive attitude towards the subject being taught. This program is expected to be more conducive to the learning style of these students.
This School is an Alternative, Not an Escape!	
About
Principal's Message
									Mission & Philosophy								
School Policies
Awards
Photo Album
© All Tribes American Indian Charter School
34320 Valley Center Road, Valley Center, CA 92082
Phone: (760) 749-5982 
Fax: (760) 749-4153
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese