Home
News
Calendar
Board
Finance
Payments
Lunch Orders
Menu
About Us
Mission & Values
Our Story
Founders
Photos & Videos
Our Favorite Links
FAQ’s
Accountability
Testimonials
Our Programs
Programs
Academic Curriculum
Social Emotional Curriculum
Before & After School
Our Team
Teacher Directory
Teacher Assistants
Support Staff
Administration
Board
Parents
Parent Association
Innovations Academy News
Calendar & Schedule
School Supply List 17-18
Forms & Handbooks
Fundraising
Learning at Home
Extended Care
Volunteer Opportunities
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
How to Apply
Lottery Information
Accepted Applicants
School Tours
Student Application Form
Fundraising
Dance
Donate
Gift Cards
Family Friendly- Food Trucks
Maven & Mason Market 2018
Pledge Drive
Scholastic Book Fair
Other Fundraising Links
Contact Us
School Information
Tours
Founders
Christine Kuglen (founder)
Christine Kuglen is, most importantly, the very proud mother of four marvelous children to whom she is grateful for being the best teachers she has ever had. She is married to a Costa Rican native for the past 22 years.  Christine homeschooled her children for 16 years, organized multiple homeschool fairs, and ran a homeschooling cooperative. Previously she obtained her bachelor’s degree in Sociology  at UC Santa Barbara and soon after went on to get her California Teaching Credential at the University of San Diego. with a Bilingual Certificate of Competence. Christine is a very diverse individual who speaks Spanish fluently and has lived and traveled in Mexico and Costa Rica, and traveled throughout other Central American countries. She loves listening to music,  reading, film, learning, and striving for excellence in all that she does.
Christine finds herself continuously involved in the community: at one time working with emotionally distressed children in an institutional setting, becoming a La Leche League Leader and then a Lactation Educator, a terrific translator, running a profitable family business, and now creating a community of learners at Innovations Academy.
She is currently the Director of I.A. full time. About Innovations Academy, she says, “I continue to be excited about working on this creation and seeing how far we can stretch our hearts and our imaginations. I expect the journey to be unforgettable.”
 Danielle Strachman (founder)
Danielle
 is a Cofounder of Innovations Academy and was Director of Student Growth for Innovations Academy’s first two years. She was inspired and invigorated knowing that she made a difference in the lives of hundreds of families in that time. Today she sits on the board of directors and is thrilled that Innovations Academy is a thriving school that all started from one conversation and a drive to create new opportunities for the children of San Diego.
Previous to her work at Innovations Academy, Danielle Strachman was the Director and Primary Educator of 
Heightened Learning
, a private practice educational program that focused on teaching through students’ interests and emotional needs. It was through this work that she met Christine Kuglen and worked in her homeschooling coop where she taught creative writing and fell in love with the homeschooling community there because of their deep love of learning and exploration. When Christine first came to Danielle about the idea of starting a school she was intrigued to see if they could bring what worked in homeschooling cooperatives to the public school setting.
Currently she lives in the Bay Area and still holds the Innovations Academy vision strong in her work with the 
Thiel Fellowship
 which encourages alternative learning paths for college aged students.
About Us
Mission & Values
Our Story
Founders
Photos & Videos
Our Favorite Links
FAQ’s
Accountability
Testimonials
About Us
Our Programs
Our Team
Parents
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
Fundraising
Contact Us
Innovations Academy Charter School
10380 Spring Canyon Rd. San Diego, CA 92131
Phone: 858-271-1414 | 
info@innovationsacademy.org
© Copyright 2016 Innovations Academy. All rights reserved.
Newsletter Signup Form
Sign up for our newsletter.
Email
*
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.