Home
News
Calendar
Board
Finance
Payments
Lunch Orders
Menu
About Us
Mission & Values
Our Story
Founders
Photos & Videos
Our Favorite Links
FAQ’s
Accountability
Testimonials
Our Programs
Programs
Academic Curriculum
Social Emotional Curriculum
Before & After School
Our Team
Teacher Directory
Teacher Assistants
Support Staff
Administration
Board
Parents
Parent Association
Innovations Academy News
Calendar & Schedule
School Supply List 17-18
Forms & Handbooks
Fundraising
Learning at Home
Extended Care
Volunteer Opportunities
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
How to Apply
Lottery Information
Accepted Applicants
School Tours
Student Application Form
Fundraising
Dance
Donate
Gift Cards
Family Friendly- Food Trucks
Maven & Mason Market 2018
Pledge Drive
Scholastic Book Fair
Other Fundraising Links
Contact Us
School Information
Tours
Fundraising
Annual Pledge Drive
It’s never to late to make a donation to  Innovations Academy’s Annual Pledge Drive!
Our Fall Pledge Drive starts in September/October of each school year, however, all year long we have our “Innovations Academy Charter School Pledge Drive.” All funds donated this year will go towards technology and other needs for the school. Our Pledge amount is $150.00, however we ask that families give what they feel comfortable with.​
Pay through our online PayPal program or
Pick-up a Pledge Drive brochure in the Front Office
Escrip
Re-enrollment
For families who are already enrolled: WE NEED FOR YOU TO RE-ENROLL! Re-enrollment must take place every year in order for us to be able to continue to take advantage of the benefits.
Go to 
escrip.com
Use your email and our school ID number to re-enroll: 500022874
New Enrollment
For families who are enrolling for the first time, make sure you register all your credit, debit card, and grocery store cards.
Have your extended family, friends, and neighbors enroll under Innovations as well!
You may enroll under multiple schools.
Our group name is: Innovations Academy
Our ID Number is: 500022874
Scholastic Book Fair
Each year, Innovations Academy partners with Scholastic Book Fairs to sponsor an on-site book event at our school. Families have the opportunity to purchase books for the classrooms and for their children while supporting our school. Every Scholastic Book Fair offers a new assortment of books for the fall and spring seasons and consistently includes the latest award-winners and most popular books, often in exclusive Book Fair-only editions. Books are available online and at the school.  At the end of the Fair, the school is awarded either a percentage of the revenue or books and educational materials.
Ongoing Passive Fundraisers 
Mighty Nest Lunch Supplies
When using this site to purchase lunch supply products (lunch boxes, water bottles…), enter our zip code 92131 and name
Box Tops 4 Education:
Did you know that by simply clipping Box Tops coupons off of cereal boxes and other products, our school can earn money? Simply check all your grocery products, clip, and bring them into IA.
iGive.com:
Register and shop online at stores such as Bath and Body Works, Amazon.com, Travelocity, etc. Innovations Academy will receive a designated donation from iGive.com.
Parents
Parent Association
Innovations Academy News
Calendar & Schedule
Forms & Handbooks
School Supply List 17-18
Lunch
Fundraising
Learning at Home
Extended Care
Volunteer Opportunities
About Us
Our Programs
Our Team
Parents
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
Fundraising
Contact Us
Innovations Academy Charter School
10380 Spring Canyon Rd. San Diego, CA 92131
Phone: 858-271-1414 | 
info@innovationsacademy.org
© Copyright 2016 Innovations Academy. All rights reserved.
Newsletter Signup Form
Sign up for our newsletter.
Email
*
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.