Skip Navigation
Explore
x:
Home
FEV Tutoring
About Us
School Information
Lab Hours
Calendar
Frequently Asked Questions
Directions
Student Handbook
School Board
School Improvement Council
Careers
Contact Us
Leadership
News
Register Your Student
Follow Us
  Traducciones ~ Translations ~ 번역
Richland Two Charter High School
Home
News
Upcoming Events
Upcoming Events
We don't currently have any upcoming speaker events. See below for a full roundup of our speakers from the 2017-2018 school year! 
Past Speakers
                For over 30 years Ms. Clark has been dedicated to helping women in Columbia, SC look and feel their best,  along with training beauty professionals on how to find excellence in their careers.  Her commitment to her field has led her to share a wealth of information and inspire women to shift their attitude toward health, wealth and happiness.    
        Born with an entrepreneurial spirit, Ms. Clark's training began while in high school. After 24 years of working in the beauty industry, in 2011 she was able to earn her Bachelors Degree in Business Administration and went on to complete her Executive MBA through Jack Welch Management Institute in 2015.         
    She currently manages a 20 chair hair salon in the Columbia area and runs a premier anti-aging virtual skincare company.    
      Wednesday, April 25th @11:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
      Richardson is the workforce development manager for Palmetto Health and possesses more than 25 years of experience in healthcare human resources, workforce development and career development. She received a bachelor’s degree in management from Coker College and master’s degree in human resources development from Webster University.    
        As workforce development manager for Palmetto Health, she develops and facilitates workforce and career development processes. She works with various community partners within schools, colleges, state and federal government, as well as business leaders to build a future workforce.         
    She serves with the following boards and councils: Midlands Education and Business Alliance, Board of Directors for Midlands Middle College, SCHA Workforce Advisory Council, SC Healthcare Human Resources Association, Business Advisory Councils for Richland School District 1 & 2, as well as the Health Occupations Students of America Advisory Council.    
      Wednesday, April 25th @9:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
      SSG Sidney Ellison from the US Army will be on campus on Thursday, March 29, 2018 at 10am to discuss military options with students.          
The Army is a key component of the U.S. Armed Forces, providing expeditionary land forces wherever and whenever they are required. Working in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Defense, the Army trains and equips Soldiers and creates leaders among them to rapidly respond when they are called upon to serve our Nation. Visit GOARMY.COM to learn how to go about enlisting or joining in different capacities, Army life, benefits, pay, and assignments information.     
      Thursday, March 29 @ 10      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
                Dwight Armbrust Jr is the Business and Economic Development Coordinator at South Carolina Department of Employment and Workforce.     
        The mission of the South Carolina Department of Employment and Workforce (DEW) is to promote and support an effective, customer-driven workforce system that facilitates financial stability and economic prosperity for employers, individuals and communities. 
    DEW is responsible for paying unemployment insurance benefits, collecting unemployment taxes, helping people find jobs, matching businesses with qualified candidates, and collecting and disseminating state/federal employment statistics.    
      Wednesday, March 28th @10:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
                Reggie Hoyle is a Sales Executive at Southeast Insurance Group. Where, as an Independent Insurance sales representative, he has access to many carriers and can find the right fit personal and business needs. Southeast Insurance Group specializes in home and auto, business, worker's compensation, life, group benefits, and health insurance.    
Reggie grew up in Columbia and graduated from Spring Valley High School in 1988. He attended Southern Wesleyan University and graduated in 1992 with a Bachelors of Science degree in Psychology and Business and was the starting second baseman for the Warrior baseball team. He also received a Master of Education degree in Counselor Education from the University of South Carolina in 1998. Reggie then worked in several schools in the Columbia area as a guidance counselor while coaching both football and softball at the high school level.    
      Wednesday, March 14th @10:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
                Dr. Duncan A. Buell is a Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of South Carolina as well as a consulting faculty member in the Linguistics program.     
Dr. Buell's far-reaching array of interests includes Digital humanities, Electronic voting systems, Nonnumeric computations, Computational number theory, Parallel computing, and Information retrieval.    
Dr. Buell has been involved in U.S. education in the STEM fields (computer and information science; mathematics; natural sciences; and engineering and engineering technology) fields, and involved for more than 25 years in defending science education against attacks from supporters of nonscience, pseudoscience, and the occasional downright fraudulent dishonesty.
      Wednesday, March 7th @9:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
                Chappelle Broome, Director of Human Resources and Diversity for Columbia Metropolitan Airport, began her career at the Airport in 1998 and worked in purchasing and administration prior to Human Resources. In 2010 she became the airport’s Director of Human Resources.     
Ms. Broome is also a member of the Airports Council International-North America (ACI-NA) Human Resources Steering Group; the ACI-NA Business Diversity Steering Group; the Airport Minority Advisory Council (AMAC); the National and Local Society for Human Resources Management (SHRM) and is a past President of the Cayce West Columbia Rotary.    
      Thursday, March 1st @9:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
                Joseph Merrill, Admission Representative with Universal Technical Institute, will conduct a readiness workshop for students.    
Universal Technical Institute, Inc. offers training for students seeking careers as professional automotive, diesel, collision repair, motorcycle and marine technicians.    
UTI offers specialized technical education programs through several well-known brands, including Universal Technical Institute (UTI), Motorcycle Mechanics Institute (MMI), Marine Mechanics Institute (MMI) and NASCAR Technical Institute (NASCAR Tech) at campuses located in Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Texas and North Carolina.
      Tuesday, February 13th @10:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
                Debbie Peake from Marwin Company will talk with students and take applications for employment with her company.    
The Marwin Company is a manufacturer of quality building specialties, including folding attic stairways & attic access products, mirror bi-folds & by-pass units and pocket door frames. We also sell quality interior French and Louver doors.    
Marwin has made its name by providing customers from coast to coast as well as Hawaii with quality products, timely shipments, and excellent customer service.
      Friday, February 9 @10:30      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
                Hayley Bowers, Vice President of MB Kahn Construction, will speak with students about careers in Architecture and Construction.    
Recognizing over nine decades of continuous operation, M. B. Kahn Construction Co., Inc. provides a variety of construction services to all market sectors across the Southeast. M. B. Kahn has gained recognition as one of the nation’s most esteemed construction firms and are consistently ranked highly by Engineering News Record.    
      Thursday, February 8 @10:30      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
    Dionne Fleshman is the Director for Human Resource and Community Affairs at DESA, Incorporated, an organization that provides professional management services to government agencies and private companies.    
Fleshman is a second-generation entrepreneur and a second-generation Tuck graduate.    
    She has over two decades of operational and managerial experience to share with our students.    
      Wednesday, January 24 @10:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
    Emily Scarlett joined WIS-TV as a weekend anchor/reporter in May of 2017.    
She is originally from Southfield, MI and a graduate of the University of Michigan.    
    Emily is an award-winning journalist after her coverage on one of the pioneers in the fight against HIV/AIDS in the Quad Cities area.    
Her career in news broadcasting began as a morning announcer for her elementary school. Her journey to the news desk continued in middle school when she was selected as a student columnist for her city’s newspaper.    
      Monday, January 22 @10:00      
Add this event to your Google Calendar:
3/1/2018
Richland Two Charter High School
7900 Brookmont Lane  |  Columbia, SC 29203  |  Phone: (803)-419-1348 |  Fax: (803)-935-1212
Accessibility
 | © 
2018 
Richland School District Two
Original text
Contribute a better translation