­
Skip to Content
	<div id="no-js-alert" class="alert alert-danger" role="alert" >	<strong>JavaScript Disabled!</strong> For a better experience on this website <a href="http://enable-javascript.com/" target="_blank">please enable JavaScript in your browser.</a>	</div>
 Menu							
 Español							
 Donate							
 Contact							
 Rediker Login							
 Search							
About
Mission and History
Our Model
Results
Students
Board of Trustees
Staff
Lower School
Middle School
High School
Central Office
Join Our Team
Partners
In The News
Program
EL Education
Instructional Approach
Social and Emotional Learning
The Arts
Athletics
Adventure
College Preparation
Library
After School Activities
After Care
Admissions
Apply to Capital City
Enrollment: New and Returning Families
Frequently Asked Questions
Visiting Capital City
Current Families
Calendar
Get to Know the PSA
Parent Resources
Family and Friends Giving Fund
Volunteer Information
Support Us
#KNOWCapitalCity
MORE
Partners
Home
About
Partners
Capital City partners with educational organizations that provide resources and expertise in support of our program and our students.
Featured Partnerships
(listed alphabetically)
Barbara Bush Foundation — Teen Trendsetters Program
™: Through the Teen Trendsetters™ reading program, Capital City high school students are trained as mentors and work weekly with their 1st and 2nd grade mentees to improve their reading. A partner since 2016, Capital City was the foundation's first DC partner school.
Capital Partners for Education (CPE)
: CPE offers academic support and college and career readiness programming through a one-on-one mentoring program that works with students in high school and through college. Capital City is proud to have partnered with CPE since 2011 and to currently have the largest number of CPE scholars.
Carlos Rosario International PCS
: Since 2016 as part of their English as a Second Language for Families Program, Carlos Rosario International PCS has been providing classes at Capital City for our parents and adult family members looking to improve their parenting and life skills through standards-based English language instruction.
Center For Inspired Teaching
: Since 2010, Capital City has partnered with the Center for Inspired Teaching as a host site for resident teaching fellows.  We have been a pilot site for the resident fellows program by hosting a summer lab school and working to deepen the experience for fellows.  We are proud that more than 60% of our Lower School classrooms are led by graduates of the Inspired Teaching Certification Program.
CityBridge Education
: Capital City received a Breakthrough Schools grant to redesign our high school program to better personalize learning and ensure success for all students. Through this program, Capital City has received training, expertise, and resources as well as connection to an amazing network of schools committed to innovation and student success. Capital City teachers and leaders have also participated in the prestigious Education Innovation Fellowship.
DC Arts & Humanities Collaborative
: Through their Arts and Humanities for Every Student program, the DC Collaborative provides our students with access to age-appropriate cultural experience in the community and provides visiting artists to enhance our programming. A perfect fit for our EL Education school. The Collaborative also offers professional development for teachers.
DC SCORES
: Since 2012, Capital City has partnered with DC SCORES to offer after school soccer and creative writing programs to our 4th-8th grade students. DC SCORES provides training, coaches, equipment, uniforms, a competition schedule, and transportation for away games. Through the outstanding developmental program provided by DC SCORES, we have built one of the strongest school-based soccer programs in the city. In October 2015, Capital City was one of 20 schools around the country to receive a state-of-the-art soccer mini-pitch thanks to MLS WORKS, adidas, the U.S. Soccer Foundation and Southern New Hampshire University. Our partnership with DC SCORES was instrumental in bringing this opportunity to our school.
EL Education
: Since our inception in 2000, Capital City has proudly partnered with EL Education (formerly Expeditionary Learning) to implement this comprehensive model. Through hands-on learning experiences, EL provides a model that challenges students with high level tasks and active roles in the classroom. EL provides school leaders and teachers with professional development, curriculum planning resources and new school structures to boost student engagement, character, and achievement.  Because of our exemplary implementation of the model and strong track record of academic achievement, Capital City was selected to serve as an EL Mentor School. We regularly host visiting educators and others interested in learning about the EL model.
Flamboyan Foundation
: Capital City partners with Flamboyan to increase parent engagement to support college readiness and success. Through the partnership, we work to remove barriers to parental involvement and initiate new strategies to improve outcomes.
Learn Serve International
: Capital City high school students have worked with other students from around the area to learn how to build sustainable social change.  Students participated in a transformational summer program to Paraguay in 2017. LearnServe’s Seeding Social Innovation program supports our Middle School program and is a great fit with the 8th grade’s Designing Our Future expedition.  
Leveling the Playing Field
: Leveling the Playing Field provides donations of sporting equipment to jump start and support our athletic programs.
North Carolina Outward Bound School
: Through our partnership with North Carolina Outward Bound School, Capital City high school students have had the opportunity to participate in a 21-day summer wilderness course in the Blue Ridge Mountains.  Capital City teachers have also participated in the educators program, experiencing an Outward Bound course and participating in a year-long cohort of teachers learning and sharing best practices in experiential education.  
OSSE’s First Step Program
: Capital City was proud to be the pilot school for this innovative collaboration between OSSE’s Division of Early Learning and Division of Career Education. Through this two-year program, students take college-level courses, participate in early childhood internships, and eventually take the qualifying exam to earn their Child Development Associate (CDA) credential.  
The Shakespeare Theatre Company
 (STC): The STC supports our arts program by providing tickets and transportation to shows as well as pre-workshops so that students are well prepared for the experience. Additionally, the STC offers outstanding professional development to arts and classroom teachers.    
Techbridge
: Techbridge offers an afterschool STEM program to our Middle School girls. Techbridge provides all the resources necessary to offer this engaging and popular program.  
Other Partnerships
Capital City also has thriving partnerships with a variety of organizations that support expeditions by hosting students on fieldwork and providing experts who visit the school.  Many partnerships also support our thriving arts and fitness programs. 
			These Partnerships Include:					
826DC
AALEAD (Asian American Leadership Empowerment and Development for Youth)
Advocates for Survivors of Torture and Trauma (ASTT)
African American Civil War Museum
Alice Ferguson Foundation
Alliance for a Healthier Generation, Healthy Schools Program
Alpha Leadership Project (DC College Access Program)
American Poetry Museum
American University — Marshall Brennan Fellows
American University Biology Department
Anacostia Watershed Society
Arena Stage
Assateague State Park
Association of American Geographers
Audubon Naturalist Society
Ayuda
Baltimore Museum of Industry
Bank on DC
Beauvoir — National Cathedral Elementary School
Bee Informed
Black Girls Code
Bladensburg Waterfront Park
Brainfood
Bridging the Watershed (Alice Ferguson Foundation)
Carecen
Casey Trees
Catholic Charities
Catholic University
Center for Food Safety
Center for Victims of Torture
CentroNia
Charter Board Partners
Chesapeake Bay Foundation
Children's National Medical Center
Children’s Concierge, LLC — We the People Constitution Tour
City Blossoms
City Wildlife
Claude Moore Colonial Farms
College Success Foundation
Community of Hope
Corcoran College of Art and Design
Corcoran Museum
Coalition of Schools Educating Boys of Color (COSEBOC)
Creative Spark
Cycled! Takoma Park
DC Arts and Humanities Education Collaborative
DC Central Kitchen
DC City Council
DC Commission of the Arts And Humanities
DC Department of Parks and Recreation
DC Department of Energy and the Environment 
DC Farm to School
DC Greens
DC Greenworks
DC Jobs with Justice
DC Legal Council for the Homeless
DC Project
DC Sail
DC Special Education Cooperative
DC Water and Sewer Authority
DCPS Arts Department
Dent Education
District Shakespeare
DIverse Charter Schools Coalition
EarthForce
Education Pioneers
Electric Vehicle Association of Greater Washington, D.C.
Environmental Film Festival
Ethiopian Community Development Center (ECDC)
EverFi
Excelencia in Education
Facing History and Ourselves
Fairfax Water Treatment Facility
FarmRaiser
Fight for Children
FOCUS (Friends of Choice in Urban Schools)
Folger Shakespeare Library
Fort Dupont Ice Arena
Foster and Adoptive Parent Advocacy Center
Future Makers
GALA Theatre
Genetic Alliance
George Mason University
George Washington Medical Center
George Washington University CLD (Culturally and Linguistically Diverse program)
Georgetown University Alpha Phi Omega
Girls Who Code
Global EEE
Green America, Fair Labor Campaigns Director
Groundswell International
Hattie Holmes Senior Wellness Center
Healthy Living
Hispanic Scholarship Fund
How Good, Inc
Howard University Libraries
Human Rescue Alliance
Human Rights Campaign
Institute for Educational Leadership
International Relief and Development
Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin
InterTribal Buffalo Council
investment management attorney
ISSAC Sports Conference (Independent Small Schools Athletics Association)
Joanne Pizarro
Kalmanovitz Initiative for Labor and the Working Poor
Kennedy Center Visiting Artists
Koshland Science Museum
La Clínica del Pueblo
Lab School of Washington
Labyrinth Games
Latin American Youth Center
Leading Educators
LearnServe
LGBT Immigration Equality
Liberty's Promise
Library of Congress Surplus Books Program
Life Coach
Life Pieces To Masterpieces
Living Classrooms
Lutheran Social Services
Manna
Martha’s Table
Martin Luther King Jr. Library
Maryland Coastal Bays
Marymount University
MOMIE'S TLC
Mosaic Theatre Company
National Archives/National History Day
National Gallery of Art
National Geographic
National Park Service (Rock Creek Park)
National Parks Trust
Smithsonian’s National Zoo
New Leaders for New Schools
NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration)
One World Education
Open Book Children's Literacy Foundation
Partners of America
Peer Health Exchange
PEN/Faulkner Center
Phoenix Bikes
Poetry Foundation
Politics & Prose
Popular Science
PR Business
Prince George's Sports and Learning Complex
Public Charter School Athletic Association / DC State Athletics Association (DCSAA)
Pulitzer Center
Refugee Council USA
Refugees International
Retired Physicist
Revolution Foods
Rock Creek Conservancy
Rock Creek Park Volunteer Office
Rocklands Farm
Safe Routes to School National Partnership
SEIU
Shakespeare Theatre Company
Shore Thing Shellfish, LLC
Smith College — Center for Aqueous Biochemistry
Smithsonian American Art Museum
SMYAL
Source for Learning/ FCC Broadband
Split This Rock
St. Mary's College of Maryland Admissions
St. Mary's College of Maryland Biology Department
State Farm (Good Neighbor Student Achievement Grants)
Sticky Inspirations
Studio Theatre
Sultana Projects, Inc
Sweetgreen
Teach Plus
Teaching for Change
Teatro de la Luna
The Ivymount School
The First Tee National School Program
The New Teacher Project
The Washington Post Newspaper
The Women's Collective
Trabajadores Unidos
Trinity Washington University
U.S. Department of Agriculture
U.S. State Department
UClass
University of the District of Columbia - CAUSES
University of Maryland - Biology Department
UNICEF
United Nations High Commission for Refugees
United Students Against Sweatshops
Urban Forestry Administration
US Holocaust Memorial Museum
Valley Place Transitional Housing, Coalition for the Homeless
Washington College Center for Environment and Society
Washington Improv Theatre
Washington Parks and People
Washington Performing Arts Society
Washington Urban Debate League
Washington Youth Garden
Wendt Center for Loss and Healing
Whitman Walker Clinic
Wilderness, Leadership & Learning
WINNERS Lacrosse
Top photo of Capital City students and partner courtesy of Allison Shelley/The Verbatim Agency for American Education: Images of Teachers and Students in Action
About
Program
Admissions
Current Families
Support Us
#KNOWCapitalCity
MORE
100 Peabody Street NW • Washington, DC 20011
(p)202-808-9800 • (f)202-733-1812
Privacy Statement
Notice of Nondiscrimination
 About This Website	
		Powered by		
Rediker Software's Student Information System	
Site Search
Submit
About
Mission and History
Our Model
Results
Students
Board of Trustees
Staff
Lower School
Middle School
High School
Central Office
Join Our Team
Partners
In The News
Program
EL Education
Instructional Approach
Social and Emotional Learning
The Arts
Athletics
Adventure
College Preparation
Library
After School Activities
After Care
Admissions
Apply to Capital City
Enrollment: New and Returning Families
Frequently Asked Questions
Visiting Capital City
Current Families
Calendar
Get to Know the PSA
Parent Resources
Family and Friends Giving Fund
Volunteer Information
Support Us
#KNOWCapitalCity
PlusPortals Sign In
User Name
Password
 Sign in
 Can't access your account?