Home
About Us
Apply to WAIS
Calendars & Resources
Daily Schedule
Dress Code
Grading Periods
Guthrie Schedule
Lunch Menu
Nutrition Services
Testing Calendars
Stay Connected
WAIS & SBISD Policies
District Handbook
English
Spanish
WAIS Supplement
Assessment Policy
Academic Honesty Policy
Honesty, Writing & Research
Homework/Late Work Policy
IB MYP Regulations
Language Policy
Special Needs Policy
Campus Plans & Reports - Middle School
Campus Plans & Reports - High School
Campus Informational Sheet 
File A "Lost or Stolen" Report 
IB Programme
IB Overview
IB Learner Profile
Middle Years Programme
Arts
Language & Literature
Language Acquisition
Individuals & Societies
Mathematics
Physical & Health Education
Sciences
Design
Personal Project
Career-related Programme
IB CP Language Development
IB CP Reflective Project
Diploma Programme
CAS
FACULTY
Leadership
Admissions
Announcements
Lottery 
Report cards/ Grading
Transcripts
Withdrawal 
Graduation
Verification of Enrollment (TDL Permits & Licenses)
Rank Info
Administrators
Valerie Muniz- Director
Alexia Greiner- Assistant Director
Karen Kulhanek-Rochin- Assistant Director
Counselors
Beverly Martin
Tricia Miller
Steven Schlabach
Karren Sims
Anonymous Reporting
Coordinators
Cheryl Wegscheid- IB MYP
Sara Sebesta-Camano- IBCC
Valerie Harelson- IB DP
Intervention Specialist
Jeremy Reese
Attendance- Brenda Avalos
Library- Kelly Kiehnhoff
Nurse- Charlene Wilson
Grade Levels
6th Grade
7th Grade
8th Grade
9th Grade
Departments
Arts
Design (& Tech)
Individuals & Societies
Language & Literature
Language Acquisition
Mathematics
Physical & Health
Sciences
How do I find My Teachers?
Parents
Information for Incoming Students
Summer Reading & Math Packets
Summer Programs
Counselors Corner
Family Access
Guides for Parents
Digital Citizenship
English
Spanish (Convivencia Digital)
IB MYP Regulations
Student Success
English
Spanish
Naviance
About Family Connection
Family Connection for MS
Family Connection for HS
Teen Dating Violence Prevention
WAIS PTA
Useful Links
Turnitin.com
Parents.com
ParentSmart.com
Students
Activities
List of Clubs 2016-17
Academic Clubs
NJHS
Model United Nations
Interact
Student Council
Fine Arts
WAIS Theatre
Advanced Choir
Sports Clubs
Tennis Club
Grappling Club
Boys Lacrosse
Ultimate Club
After-School Clubs
Art Crew
Odyssey of the Mind
Robotics Club
Young Life
Westchester Drama Club
Wais Knitting Club
The League of Champions
Course Catalog - High School
Course Catalog - Middle School
What is GPA?
Useful Links
Family Access
Library Resources
myDigital Counselor
Naviance
About Family Connection
Family Connection for MS
Family Connection for HS
Miacis - WAIS Yearbook
FAQ
Login
You are here: 
Parents > 
Summer Programs
The Importance of 
Summer Activity
If you are unfamiliar with 
Summer Learning Loss
, it is a well documented occurrence in students during extended periods of time away from academic activity. Summer learning loss can create difficulty and increase achievement gaps between students, making success harder the following year.
The best way to prevent summer reading loss is to stay involved in academic activity during the summer.
More about Summer Learning Loss >>
Expected Academic Involvement
> Summer Reading Lists >>
One of the biggest areas of summer learning loss that affects nearly every academic area is a student's reading ability. As such, continuing to read over the summer is an extremely important activity. Every year, SBISD releases a summer reading list. Students are expected to read at least two titles from these lists during summer vacation. Students in advanced high school classes, such as IB Diploma English, may be expected to read other titles during summer vacation. Go to 
Summer Reading >>
> Math Practice Packets >>
Literacy and reading may be one of the most focused areas of summer academic programs in the US, however, summer learning loss is seen in all areas of academics. Keeping up in math skills is also important, especially in the accelerated math program our middle school students participate in. The math practice packets provided will aid in retention of math skills, and are expected for WAIS students. Go to 
Summer Math Packets >>
Additional Academic Opportunities
> Code Camp >>
SBISD is hosting a Code Camp this summer targeting students in grades 4-8. Coding and computer science is becoming an increasingly important and desired skill in today's economy. Many other countries around the world are including coding and computer science into their national curriculums starting in elementary school. To stay competitive in an increasingly global world, it is important for our students to have similar opportunities. Go to 
SBISD's Code Camp >>
> Robotics Camp >>
WAIS is hosting a Robotics Camp this summer targeting students in grades 6-12. Robotics are used in a variety of fields around the world, and concepts of mechanical design and engineering and programming span even further, and are of increasing importance every year. Challenges vary in difficulty, so both beginners and veterans will be able to set challenging goals for their robot. Register for 
Robotics Camp >>
> SBISD Summer School >>
SBISD offers a variety of summer school courses, both for credit recovery, but also for original credit. Summer school can be utilized to free up space in students schedule for the following years in high school, or just a way to stay academically active through vacation. Go to 
SBISD's Summer School Program >>
Offerings from Local Universities
Many local universities offer summer programs for children in a variety of academic areas. See offerings from 
Houston Baptist University
, 
Rice University
, 
University of Houston
, and 
University of Houston Downtown
.
Offerings from Apple & Microsoft
Apple and Microsoft are also offering camps for young children over the summer. Apple offers courses for sutdent from 8-12, and Microsoft from 8-13. Apple has several locations in and around Houston, Microsoft currently only has the Galleria location, but will eventually have a Woodlands location as well. Both companies require signing up in advance. 
See Apple's offerings
. 
See Microsoft's offerings
. 
City of Houston's Summer of Learning
The City of Houston's official website also has a variety of resources to keep students active and learning during the summer. 
See the City of Houston's Summer of Learning Webpage
. 
Free Online Learning
If you can't get to a physical program, you don't have to miss out on all learning available. More and more online programs with quality content are readily available in a wide variety of interests. Many online learning environments are at a high level, and may not be beneficial for younger students. Younger students can beneift from some of the lower level content from 
Khan Academy
. See offerings from 
Khan Academy
, 
Coursera
, 
Canvas
, and 
FutureLearn
.
For younger students
> Tall Tales & Art >>
The SBISD Altharetta Yeargin Art Museum, housed on the WAIS campus offers an art based summer program for students age 4-11 at a very affordable rate. Students can attend just a day or two, or all six days spread across two weeks. Go to 
AYAM's >>
> Code Camp for the 4th & 5th Grade >>
In addition to SBISD's middle school level code camp, SBISD will also host a level aimed for 4th and 5th graders. Many other countries around the world are including coding and computer science into their national curriculums starting in elementary school. To stay competitive in an increasingly global world, it is important for our students to have similar opportunities. Go to 
SBISD's Code Camp >>
Offerings from Apple & Microsoft
Apple and Microsoft are also offering camps for young children over the summer. Apple offers courses for sutdent from 8-12, and Microsoft from 8-13. Apple has several locations in and around Houston, Microsoft currently only has the Galleria location, but will eventually have a Woodlands location as well. Both companies require signing up in advance. 
See Apple's offerings
. 
See Microsoft's offerings
.
Home
 | 
Students
 | 
FAQ
 | 
Terms Of Use
 | 
Privacy Statement
Original text
Contribute a better translation