Toggle navigation
About Us 
Our Leadership
STRIVE Prep in the News
Accountability
Financial Transparency
Our Schools 
STRIVE Prep – Green Valley Ranch
STRIVE Prep – Montbello
STRIVE Prep – RISE
STRIVE Prep – Excel
STRIVE Prep – Lake
STRIVE Prep – Sunnyside
STRIVE Prep – Federal
STRIVE Prep – Kepner
STRIVE Prep – Ruby Hill
STRIVE Prep – SMART
STRIVE Prep – Westwood
Enroll A Student 
Why STRIVE Prep
The STRIVE Prep Experience
Visit a School
Join Our Team 
Who We Need
Application Process
Teacher Residency Program
Benefits of Joining STRIVE Prep
Apply
Support Us 
Give
Tour a STRIVE Prep School
Blog 
Thought Leadership
Scholar Spotlight
Teacher Feature
Community Character
STRIVE for College Corner
Contact 
Connect
Join Our Team
Benefits of Joining STRIVE Prep
Who We Need
Application Process
Teacher Residency
Benefits of Joining STRIVE Prep
STRIVE Prep as a network does such a phenomenal job of developing leaders by first finding your strengths, leveraging those strengths and pushing you forward to make sure that there's a path that fits your desires and trajectory for your career.
— 
Katie Ryan, Principal, STRIVE Prep - Kepner
Advance Your Career
Amplify Your Impact
Thrive in Denver
Leverage Personal Benefits
Advance Your Career
We challenge each other to bring our best every day, and support each other every step of the way. We understand, challenge and support our students and colleagues on a personal level,so they can reach their full potential. Through one-on-one mentorship and coaching, we ensure every teacher has the tools necessary to thrive personally and professionally. As part of our team, you’ll gain access to learning resources and collaborative opportunities in the classroom on campuses and across our network. Professional development opportunities include:
Two weeks of training during the summer
Content specific professional development
Grade level planning
Frequent coaching from leadership 
Fellowship opportunities for emerging school leaders
Amplify Your Impact
We promote a shared sense of responsibility to each other and our communities. Every teacher brings something distinct to our community — whether it’s their passion, personality, problem-solving skills or a combination. And together, we’re making a lifelong impact on our students. Join us, and together we will:
Build a K-12 pathway for families in Southwest, Northwest and Far Northeast Denver
Welcome every student
Engage families in student success
Equip students to succeed in college campuses throughout Colorado and around the country 
Encourage students to thrive in athletics, activities, and in the community
Thrive in Denver
Denver is a young, vibrant city, on the forefront of urban education reform.  We have 300 days of sunshine, endless outdoor activities in the Rocky Mountains and everything the metro area has to offer including concerts, museums and professional teams.  As part of our collaboration with the city of Denver, we and other members of Denver Public Schools are working hard to bring more educators to Denver. Check out this video from our partners at Make Your Mark Denver!
Leverage Personal Benefits
Competitive Compensation
STRIVE Prep offers a competitive compensation package to teachers, leaders and central support staff with generous vacation and opportunities for stipends.
PERA
STRIVE Prep employees participate in the nationally acclaimed Colorado Public Employee Retirement Association (PERA) program and can also choose a competitive 401K contribution option.
Healthcare
STRIVE Prep offers competitive medical coverage that is 100 percent employer-paid for employees with a generous discount for spouses and dependents.
Connect
Sign Up - CrowdSkout
        First Name        
          Required              
        Last Name        
          Required              
        Email Address        
          Required              
        I am interested in:        
          Required              
            Career Opportunities          
            Community News & Events          
            Enrollment          
            STRIVE Prep Blog          
            Volunteering          
        Thank you for your interest in STRIVE Prep! We will be in touch soon.      
S
CHOLARSHIP
/                            
T
EAMWORK
/                            
R
ESPECT
/                            
I
NTELLIGENCE
/                            
V
IRTUE
/                            
E
FFORT                            
STRIVE STORE
SITE LOG IN
FINANCIAL TRANSPARENCY
 WEBSITE ACCESSIBILITY
© 2018 STRIVE Preparatory Schools