­
Top Menu
CONTACT EACS
CALENDAR
EMPLOYMENT
DONATE
EN ESPANOL
Navigation
Evolution Academy Charter School
A High School With a Higher Calling
"Success to some it is a dream, to EACS, a reality"<br/>"It"s difficult, but not impossible"<br/>Cynthia A. Trigg, CEO, EACS</p>
"I'm a student at Evolution Academy and this school has helped me catch up with others fast and get great grades."
~EACS Student
Home
Primary Menu
HOME
ABOUT EACS
NEWS
GOVERNANCE
COMPLIANCE
NON-DISCRIMINATION POLICY
LEADERSHIP
ADMISSIONS
ACADEMICS
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION
LOCATIONS
RICHARDSON
BEAUMONT
HOUSTON
Return to Content
Leadership
Cynthia A. Trigg is the chief executive officer and Founder of Evolution Academy, a public charter high school which serves at-risk youth.  As CEO, she manages a staff of 50 and serves over 500 students.
A former secondary school teacher, director of student activities, assistant principal, principal and educational specialist, Cynthia A. Trigg served in Beaumont Independent School District, Aldine Independent School District, Forth Worth Independent School Wilmer Hutchins Independent School and Region V Education Service Center in Houston.  A product of Beaumont, Texas, Cynthia received her bachelor’s degree from Texas Woman’s University, Master’s Degree in Education Administration from Prairie View A& M University and Superintendent Certification from University of Texas at Tyler.
As Chief Executive Officer of Evolution Academy, Cynthia embraces accountability and demands that the entire staff focus on keeping student performance as the main objective.  At Evolution Academy, an organization with a student population that is 95 percent at risk of dropping out of school, this means accepting no excuses and focusing every day on every student that walks through the doors of the school.
The mission of Evolution Academy Charter School is to enable its students to achieve academic, social and career success. With its mission at the forefront, Evolution Academy has an academic offering that is unmatched by other public, charter, or private schools. With a low student-teacher ratio of 18:1, the progressive charter school is able to offer the one-on-one attention and instruction that many students need to advance them to the next level.
In its ten year history, the school has graduated over 1800 students and has expanded three times. The latest expansion includes a two-building campus, boasting more than 50,000 square feet, which includes a science lab, fitness center and wellness program, piano lab, culinary arts program, full-service cafeteria with free breakfast and lunch for all students, DART passes for transportation, and music business courses where students will learn to write and produce music in the newly added state-of-the-art music studio.  Evolution Academy was recently granted an expansion by the Texas Education Agency and has opened campuses in Beaumont, Houston and Port Arthur, Texas.
Evolution Academy has been featured for its innovative academic programs in many notable media outlets, includingCharter School Today magazine, WFAA News, CBS 11 News and The Dallas Morning News.  Mrs. Trigg was recognized a one of “25 People to Watch in 2012” by The Dallas Weekly newspaper.
Of the many accomplishments the field of education, Cynthia admits that she is most proud of her role as a wife and mother.  She lives her life by the scripture, “I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.” Her goal is to convince youngsters that “self worth is defined through pride, character and integrity.”
QUICK LINKS
Compliance
Standard and Poor’s (pdf)
Student Documentation Checklist (pdf)
Texas State Graduation Requirements (pdf)
Transition in Texas
CONNECT
LOCATIONS
Richardson - Main Campus
1101 South Sherman Street
Richardson, TX 75081-4852
Office: 972-907-3755
Fax: 972-907-3765
Beaumont 
3920 West Cardinal Drive
Beaumont, Texas 77705
Office: 409-239-5553
Fax: 409-347-7135
Houston
2414 Spring Cypress Road
Spring, Texas 77388-4719
Office: 281-907-6440
Fax: 281-907-6442
© 2018 Evolution Academy Charter School. All Rights Reserved. 