Skip to Main Content
Toggle main menu visibility 
Home
+About Us
Our School
Staff
Governing Board
PTSO
+School Info
Academics
Arts
Athletics
Clubs
+Events
Calendar
News
+Helpful Links
ADA Compliance Policy
Enrollment
FAQ
Financial Accountability
Web Links
Contact Us
Learn More About Our School
At Putnam, our students, teachers, and staff make up a fun, friendly, and energetic group. Our school fosters creative minds, critical thinkers, and ethical character. We are also dedicated to the individual development of attitudes, skills, knowledge, and responsibility that are essential to  successful achievement in school and society.
Our History
Putnam Academy was founded by five teachers who shared the belief that we could prepare students not only for high school but also for the wider world ahead. With this goal, Carla Aycock, Joyce Baron, Diana Latta, Rhona Scoville, and Elisabeth Virnstein opened the doors of Putnam Academy of Arts and Sciences (PAAS) for the very first time on August 22, 2012, to its premier classes of 6th and 7th graders.
The vision and enthusiasm of our founding five continues to fuel our quest to provide a better educational opportunity to our students, and we have the experience to deliver with over 135 years of combined experience teaching middle and high school, four master’s degrees, three National Board Certified teachers, and three former Putnam County Teachers of the Year.
Our Beliefs
Our school will create a climate of honor, respect, and integrity by establishing an Honor Code to advance authentic learning.
Our school will establish a comprehensive and rigorous curriculum that meets and exceeds the standards of Florida’s Next Generation and the core curriculum.
Our school's curriculum will enable students to become self-directed learners and decision makers, capable of both collaborative and independent learning.
Our school will commit to reading and math success with school-wide improvement in standardized test scores as well as in other measurements.
Our school will keep students and staff safe by developing clear lines of communication and procedures for all situations.
Our school will create a partnership with parents to enhance our students' success.
We will define, teach, and support appropriate student behaviors, reinforcing and rewarding positive behaviors.
School Hours & Schedules
Office Hours:                        
7:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m.
School Hours:                        
Morning Bell - 7:30 a.m.
Tardy Bell - 7:35 a.m.
Dismissal (bus riders) -  2:00 p.m.
Dismissal (all others) - 2:10 p.m.
School Schedule
Class Schedule
Our Vision
Motivated students will be given the opportunity to grow and develop into 21st Century learners.
Our Mission
Putnam Academy of Arts and Sciences, in partnership with parents and community, provides challenging, well-rounded educational opportunities in a safe and supportive environment. Our school fosters creative minds, critical thinkers, and ethical character. We are dedicated to the individual development of the attitudes, skills, knowledge, and responsibility essential to successful achievement in school and society.
Important Information
90% Philosophy
Class Schedule
Student Dress Code
Supply List
Putnam Academy of Arts and Sciences
310 South Palm Ave, Palatka, FL 32177 
|		
PH: (386) 326.4212
|		
FAX: (386) 326.6235
 Copyright ©            2018 | Site designed and maintained by 
School Webmasters
Original text
Contribute a better translation