413-529-7178
info@hilltowncharter.org
Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School, Easthampton,  MA 01027
Search
Home
Who We Are
Our Mission
History
The Co-op
Board of Trustees
Community Compact
Hilltown Staff
Employment Opportunities at HCCPS
Reports & Policies
Directions to HCCPS
Family Handbook
What We Do
Educational Program
All School gatherings
Community Events
Admissions
Admission FAQ
Información en español
Admission Applications
Support Us
Friends of Hilltown
Volunteering at Hilltown
Hilltown Cooperative
Charter Public School							                    
Search
Home
Who We Are
Our Mission
History
The Co-op
Board of Trustees
Community Compact
Hilltown Staff
Employment Opportunities at HCCPS
Reports & Policies
Directions to HCCPS
Family Handbook
What We Do
Educational Program
All School gatherings
Community Events
Admissions
Admission FAQ
Información en español
Admission Applications
Support Us
Friends of Hilltown
Volunteering at Hilltown
Board of Trustees
Overview
Board Members
Meeting Schedule & Minutes
Board Committees
Overview
The Board of Trustees is responsible for the school’s overarching philosophies, direction and policies and is accountable for all legal and fiscal issues affecting the Hilltown School.
The Board meets regularly at the school on the second Wednesday of the month at 6:30 pm.   It operates using a consensus model and makes decisions on the budget, personnel policies, hiring of Coordinators, and contractual relationships. Members of the Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School elect the Trustees at their annual meeting held each May. Trustees serve a three-year term and may be parents at the school or community members.
The school’s three coordinators attend Board meetings as participating but non-decision-making members. Schedules of Board meetings, agendas, and minutes are available for parents to review on the bulletin board outside the Coordinators’ offices and on this website (see Meeting Schedule & Minutes tab above).
Board of Trustees meetings are held at the school, 1 Industrial Parkway, Easthampton and begin at 6:30. The public is welcome to attend.
Board President: Scott Remick (parent)
To express interest in serving on the board or one of its associated committees, please complete and return the appropriate form:
Board of Trustees Interest Form (
pdf
)(
docx
)
Board Committee Interest Form (
pdf
)(
docx
)
Board Members
2017-18 Board Members
Scott Remick
, Board President
Penny Leveritt
, Vice President
Christopher Greenfield
, Treasurer, Finance Committee chair
Amy Reesman
, Clerk, GABS Committee Member
Steve Hoyt
, Personnel Committee Chair
Terra Missildine
, GABS Committee Chair, Community Board Member
Charles Wiemeyer
, On-Site Committee Chair
Susannah Howe
, GABS Committee Member
Michael Filas
, Massachusetts Charter Public School Association Liason
Tim Reynolds
, GABS Committee Member
Joe Wyman
, Personnel Committee Member
David Starr
, Finance Committee Chair, Treasurer, Community Board Member
Kyle Sullivan
, Community Board Member
Andi Porter
, Community Board Member
Barbara Oegg
, Friends of Hilltown Liaison
Lara Ramsey
, ex officio member
Deirdre Arthen
, ex officio member
Dan Klatz
, ex officio member
Meeting Schedule & Minutes
2017-18 Meeting Schedule & Minutes
Board of Trustees meetings are held at the school, 1 Industrial Parkway, Easthampton and begin at 6:30. The public is welcome to attend.
September 13
Sep. 2017 Approved Minutes
 (posted 10/18/17)
Sep. 2017 Supplementary Documents
October 11
Oct. 2017 Approved Minutes
 (posted 11/13/17)
Oct. 2017 Supplementary Documents
November 8
Nov. 2017 Approved Minutes (posted 1/8/18)
Nov. 2017 Supplementary Documents
December 13
Dec. 2017 Approved Minutes (posted 1/12/18)
Dec. 2017 Supplementary Documents (posted 12/18/17)
January 10
Jan. 2018 Approved Minutes (posted 2/27/18)
Jan. 2018 Supplementary Documents (posted 1/12/18)
February 14
Feb. 2018 Agenda
 (posted 2/12/18)
Feb. 2018 Supplementary Documents
 (posted 2/27/18)
March 14
Mar. 2018 Approved Minutes 
(posted 4/30/18)
Mar. 2018 Supplementary Documents
April 11
Apr. 2018 Agenda
Apr. 2018 Supplementary Documents
May 9
June 13
July 11
Full 2017-18 Meeting Schedule for all committees coming soon
Approved Minutes for 2015-16 Annual Meeting (Posted 5-12-2017)
Archived Meeting Minutes from previous years
Board Committees
The following four committees meet independently around specialized concerns and report back to the larger Board of Trustees. See below for more detailed information about the purpose and responsibilties of each committee.
Governance and Board Structure (GABS) Committee
Finance Committee
Personnel Committee
On-Site Committee
The Governance and Board Sustainability Committee
A Standing Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School
Committee Description Revised July 2016
Purpose: The purpose of the Governance and Board Sustainability Committee (GABS) is to ensure that the governance of the Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School is functioning smoothly and in compliance with state law and to ensure the sustainability of the board through recruitment and succession planning for officers and committee chairs.
Responsibilities and Goals:
Recruit Board of Trustees members and assist with recruitment of board committee members.
Provide orientation and training to board members.
Ensure adherence to and assess any need for and propose changes to the by-laws.
Ensure that the Board of Trustees Resource Notebook is maintained both digitally and on paper.
Monitor the progress of the implementation of the Long Range Plan.
Make sure the members of the Board of Trustees and their committees are known to the school community and that their roles and responsibilities are clear.
Maintain records of GABS meetings and provide monthly reports to the Board of Trustees.
The Finance Committee
A Standing Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School
Committee Description Revised March 2016
Purpose: The purpose of the finance committee is to make recommendations to the Board of Trustees on any school matters of financial substance and to review and recommend action to the Board of Trustees on any loans.
Responsibilities and goals:
Budgeting:
Review Budget Projections
Review Financial Statements
Approve quarterly budgets, review revisions
Recommend any changes or modifications to drafts of budgets for Board of Trustees approval
Approve budgets for fiscal viability and recommend to the Board of Trustees for action
Appoint a member to review bank statements and other documents periodically in order to provide some check on the administrator’s financial management
Annual Audit:
Participate in the Acceptance process of audited financial statements
Recommend board action on annual fiscal audit
Oversee implementation of audit recommendations from auditor
Assure compliance with any changes to reporting regulatory or accounting standards
Record-keeping:
Maintain minutes of proceedings so that a record is available concerning the decision-making process
The Personnel Committee
A Standing Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School
Committee Description Revised February 2016
Purpose: The purpose of the personnel committee is to develop and apply policies related to hiring staff and managing the conditions of employment in ways that fit with the school’s charter and mission.
Responsibilities and goals:
Research relevant issues and make recommendations to the Board on possible resolution
Investigate ways to improve the working conditions of staff to encourage good morale and limit staff turnover, within the practical constraints that exist
Create standards for handling personnel matters that can be clearly and fairly applied to individual situations
Ensure that relevant labor law and regulatory guidelines are honored
Maintain committee membership such that non-parent input is available for balance and objectivity
Maintain minutes of proceedings so that a record is available concerning the decision-making process
The On-Site Committee
A Standing Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School
Committee Description Revised September 2014
Purpose: Assist School administrators in the maintenance and improvement of the school building and grounds. Pursue ancillary goals, such as securing adequate playing fields and improving access to area resources, such as the bike trail, public bus stops, and Arcadia. Work with the School administration to make the operations of the school property as efficient and cost effective as possible. Explore long-term site control options.
Responsibilities and Goals: The Committee shall advise on repairs and capital improvements or renovations to the school’s building and grounds. The Committee may, with BOT approval, contract with professionals to perform necessary design or construction work. The Committee may also organize volunteers within the school community to help make the necessary improvements to the school site. Necessary improvements are those needed in order for the school to have a safe, healthy environment and for the site to meet the school’s programmatic and curricular needs.
The preferred size of this Committee is 6-8 members. Some of the specialized skills and experience which can contribute to the resources of the On-Site Committee include construction experience, project management, financial expertise, public project oversight and development, architectural or engineering skills, landscaping and landscape design, interior and lighting design, as well as the ability to devote the necessary time to help with the Committee’s work.
The On-Site Committee typically meets once a month on a mutually agreed upon day and time. The Committee is chaired by a member of the Board of Trustees. Committee meeting times are posted and meeting minutes are submitted to the Board of Trustees.
At the beginning of each school year, the BOT and Committee will agree upon a work plan for the coming year, which may be amended, as needed, by mutual consent during the year.
Our School
The Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School was started in 1995 by a group of local parents, artists, and educators who sought to bring an educational alternative to the rural hill towns of western Massachusetts.
Resources
Contact Us
Directions to HCCPS
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contacts
Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School1 Industrial Pkwy.Easthampton, MA 01027
413-529-7178
413-527-1530
info@hilltowncharter.org
Donate Now!
© Copyright 2017: Hilltown Cooperative Charter Public School. | 
 Website by Web-tactics, inc. 