Glass City Academy			
Blogroll
Counseling and Career Advising
District Profile Page
Employment Opportunities
Information on Disibilty claim vs State of Ohio
Power School for Students/Parents
Power School for Teachers
School Calendar
School Report Card
Snow Days
quick links
Glass City Academy
Glass City Academy					
About
History
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact Us
News / Events Categories
All News / Events
Events
News
Featured News / Events
School Counseling
College Credit Plus
College Credit Plus is a program offered by Ohio that gives students in grades 7-12 the opportunity to take college classes.  The classes and books are free for students, and the credits they earn count as both high school credits and college credits.  If you would like to participate, talk with Ms. Santacroce, fill out the intent to participate form and check out the other information below.
Ohio Department of Education Website- CCP Information (website)
Intent to Participate Form (pdf)
College Credit Plus Overview Packet (pdf)
Graduation Plans
Graduation is determined by a variety of factors including Ohio standardized test scores (OST or OGT), credits, and community service completion.  If you have any questions about what you need to do to graduate, please see Mr. Tucker!
Graduation Requirements Class of 2017 and Older
Passage of 5 Ohio Graduation Tests (OGT)
Technology Course
Senior Composition/Literature Course
Minimum of 2 credits each;  Math, Science, Social Studies, Language Arts
24 Credits
Complete 25 hrs. of Community Service
Graduation Requirements Class of 2018 and Younger
Passage of Ohio Standardized Tests (OST)
Computer Tech/Art/ Humanities/ Career Tech (1 class*)
Minimum of 3 classes* each;  Math & Language Arts
Minimum of 2 classes* each; Science & Social Studies
24 Credits
Complete 25 hrs. of Community Service
*classes are one full year at a previous school or one completed semester at GCA
Community Service
All students must complete 25 hours of community service with a non-profit organization.  The due date for these hours is always 2 Weeks prior to graduation. For June 2017 grads, this means your hours are due May 22.  If you do not turn them in or Ms. Santacroce cannot verify them, you will not graduate.
Community Service Hours Log (pdf)
Community Service Graduation Requirements (pdf)
Career Advising
Glass City Academy is committed to helping our students and graduate students continue on to become productive citizens through further education, military service, or within the workforce.  GCA has adopted the following policy to ensure that all students will be successful in their future endeavors.
Career Advising Policy
Links						
About
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact
Connect			
facebook
twitter
rss
Contact			
							Glass City Academy							1000 Monroe St.							Toledo, Ohio 43604						
Phone: 
419-720-6311, Ext 300
Fax:
419-720-6315
Email:
gca_sr@nwoca.org