Glass City Academy			
Blogroll
Counseling and Career Advising
District Profile Page
Employment Opportunities
Information on Disibilty claim vs State of Ohio
Power School for Students/Parents
Power School for Teachers
School Calendar
School Report Card
Snow Days
quick links
Glass City Academy
Glass City Academy					
About
History
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact Us
News / Events Categories
All News / Events
Events
News
Featured News / Events
Academics
Classes
Classes are held Monday through Friday from 8:45 a.m. to 1:50 p.m. with an optional Study Hall/Home Room from 8:20 a.m. to 8:45 a.m.  The school day is broken up into five 53-minute periods.  Student career goals play a major role in determining classes added to the curriculum, as well as classes needed for graduation. Classes currently include:
English I
English II
Creative Writing
Literary Analysis
Intervention Writing
Intervention Reading
High School Reading
Composition
Intervention Math
Algebra I
Geometry
Algebra II
Biology
Biology II
Physical Science
Life Science
Anatomy/Physiology
World Studies
American History
American Government
Economics
Geography
Financial Planning
General Art
2D Art
3D Art
Theatrical Art
Teacher’s Assistant
Independent Work Study
For those students wishing to participate or are currently participating in the College Credit Plus, pathways are provided in your coursework to ensure success at both the high school and college level.
Graduation Requirements
Requirements for a Glass City Academy diploma include:
Graduation Requirements Class of 2017 and Older
·        Passage of 5 Ohio Graduation Tests (OGT)
·        Technology Course
·         Senior Composition/Literature Course
·        Minimum of 2 credits each;  Math, Science, Social Studies, Language Arts
·        24 Credits
·        Complete 25 hrs. of Community Service
Graduation Requirements Class of 2018 and Younger
·        Passage of AIR Tests
·        Computer Tech/Art/ Humanities/ Career Tech (1 class)
·        Minimum of 3 classes each;  Math & Language Arts
·        Minimum of 2 classes each; Science & Social Studies
·        24 Credits
·        Complete 25 hrs. of Community Service
College Credit Plus
Students can earn college credits while attending Glass City Academy through the College Credit Plus program.  Glass City Academy has an agreement with the University of Toledo, Owens Community College, and Bowling Green State University to allow students to take college courses during the high school day. Please follow the attached link to access the information on how to join this exciting program.
http://www.glasscityacademy.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/CCP.pdf
Community Service
Glass City Academy is a strong believer in the benefits of selfless community service. As students perform meaningful community service, they bring the skills they have learned in the classroom to real-life situations to positively influence the lives of others. This character building learning strategy enriches our students’ educational experience, teaches responsibility, and creates community connections. As mentioned above all students must successfully complete 25 hours of approved community service in order to graduate.
Community Service Graduation Requirements:
Minimum of 25 hours prior to graduation.
All hours must be confirmed and verified by a supervisor of the nonprofit organization in which the volunteer work was completed.
Volunteer hours must be for a nonprofit organization and the student may not be paid.
Students are responsible for making their own arrangements with the organization as well as providing their own transportation.
Additional hours of community service will be accepted for elective credits at the rate of 1/4 credit per 25 hours successfully completed.
Process:
Students may obtain volunteer forms from the school counselor or the front office.
Students should contact the nonprofit agency and make arrangements to volunteer.
Students should document the volunteer work, date/number of hours completed, and verification via a signature and phone number of the supervisor in charge at the community service site and place this information on Glass City Academy’s community service form.
The community service form is to be turned in to the school counselor.
Incomplete volunteer forms will not be accepted or credited.
Verification Form
Latest News
Open Positions for the 2018-2019 School Year
Glass City Academy has the following open positions for the 2017-2018 school year: Science Teacher, Mathematics Teacher, English/Language-Arts Teacher, Intervention Specialist (Mild/Moderate).  If you are interested in applying, please open the “Quick Links” tab near the upper right corner of the homepage and click on “Employment Opportunities” to find further information.
View All News
Latest Upcoming Event
Open Positions for the 2018-2019 School Year
Glass City Academy has the following open positions for the 2017-2018 school year: Science Teacher, Mathematics Teacher, English/Language-Arts Teacher, Intervention Specialist (Mild/Moderate).  If you are interested in applying, please open the “Quick Links” tab near the upper right corner of the homepage and click on “Employment Opportunities” to find further information.
view full events calendar
Links						
About
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact
Connect			
facebook
twitter
rss
Contact			
							Glass City Academy							1000 Monroe St.							Toledo, Ohio 43604						
Phone: 
419-720-6311, Ext 300
Fax:
419-720-6315
Email:
gca_sr@nwoca.org