Glass City Academy			
Blogroll
Counseling and Career Advising
District Profile Page
Employment Opportunities
Information on Disibilty claim vs State of Ohio
Power School for Students/Parents
Power School for Teachers
School Calendar
School Report Card
Snow Days
quick links
Glass City Academy
Glass City Academy					
About
History
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact Us
News / Events Categories
All News / Events
Events
News
Featured News / Events
Students
School Calendar – 
Click Here
Attendance
Studies show that students who attend school on a daily basis have the best chance of success, regardless of their field of study. Consequently, Glass City Academy holds every student accountable for his or her daily attendance. We address tardiness, unexcused absences, and excessive absenteeism by meeting with students and providing liaison reporting services for the Juvenile Probation Department. Attendance contacts are required of students with excessive absenteeism. Tardiness is closely monitored and habitual patterns of tardiness will result in disciplinary action.
In compliance with O.R.C. 3321.191, it is the legal responsibility of Glass City Academy, through the Attendance Department, to enforce the Ohio State Compulsory Attendance laws. Attendance records for each child, including exact dates of absence and/or truancy, must be kept for all students. Glass City Academy will perform all legal reporting requirements mandated by this policy.
Student Plans
Students, parents or guardians, and the Program Director design a personal Graduation Plan including accomplishments and credits already achieved.
Student Plans may include:
Academic credits earned from a previous high school
Internships
Computer class (Workforce Technology Credential)
Employment
Academic classes aligned with state standards and benchmarks
Visual/performing arts
Physical education
Individual tutoring
Off-site learning enhancement
Ohio credit flexibility
Community service
Latest News
Open Positions for the 2018-2019 School Year
Glass City Academy has the following open positions for the 2017-2018 school year: Science Teacher, Mathematics Teacher, English/Language-Arts Teacher, Intervention Specialist (Mild/Moderate).  If you are interested in applying, please open the “Quick Links” tab near the upper right corner of the homepage and click on “Employment Opportunities” to find further information.
View All News
Latest Upcoming Event
Open Positions for the 2018-2019 School Year
Glass City Academy has the following open positions for the 2017-2018 school year: Science Teacher, Mathematics Teacher, English/Language-Arts Teacher, Intervention Specialist (Mild/Moderate).  If you are interested in applying, please open the “Quick Links” tab near the upper right corner of the homepage and click on “Employment Opportunities” to find further information.
view full events calendar
Links						
About
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact
Connect			
facebook
twitter
rss
Contact			
							Glass City Academy							1000 Monroe St.							Toledo, Ohio 43604						
Phone: 
419-720-6311, Ext 300
Fax:
419-720-6315
Email:
gca_sr@nwoca.org