Skip to main content
	          Where Children and Families Come First	        
Phone: (414) 647-8750
Email: 
Click here
 Donate Now
 Donate Now
Select Language
​
▼
Contact Us
Toggle navigation	          
About Us
Our Mission & Vision
Board of Directors
Administration
Annual Report
Programs & Services
Charter School
Crisis Nursery & Respite Center
Early Education and Care Center
Social Services Adult Programs
Social Services Youth Programs
  - Treatment Foster Care
The Latest
Events
News
Make a Difference
Careers
Benefits
Employment Opportunities
New Applicant Application
Job Bid Form (Current Employees Only)
Search 
Facilities Support Worker II
You are here
Home
 » 
Careers
 » 
Employment Opportunities
 » Facilities Support Worker II
Employment Opportunities
 Apply Now
        Position Title      
Facilities Support Worker II
        Opening & Closing Dates      
January 1, 2018
        Job Location      
Support Services
        Base Wage      
PLEASE POST
LA CAUSA, INC. POSITION OPENING NOTICE
(NO SOLICITATIONS PLEASE)
OPENING DATE: January 1, 2018
CLOSING DATE:  or Until Filled
Base Wage: $15.81 per Hour
        FLSA Status      
Hourly/Non-Exempt
        Primary Function      
Under general supervision, perform a wide variety of custodial and mid-high level maintenance duties in order to provide a clean, orderly and safe environment and perform related work as required. Ensures security of participants, employees, volunteers and facilities are maintained at all times.  Part-Time positions may not perform all of the duties listed.
        Primary Duties      
Legend: E = Essential  /  NE = Non Essential  /  N/A = Not Applicable
Must be able to perform all of the duties of Facilities Support Worker I and:
Perform all complex maintenance responsibilities to sustain a clean, safe, and orderly environment/appearance to include, but not limited to: construction repair work of facilities (walls, doors, window and floor coverings, etc.), routine plumbing repairs (unstopping toilets, sinks or urinals, fixing water leaks, leaking faucets, water fountains, etc.), etc. E
Operate and maintain more advanced equipment (i.e.; snow plow, yard tractor, etc.). E
Assists with Emergency Response Plan for drills and related activities. E
Facilities Support Worker I
Provide back-up support for department staff in his/her/their absence. E
Follow legal, organizational, and contractual requirements, laws and policies (i.e.; local and state fire and safety codes, etc.). E
Follow procedures, use, and maintain assigned vehicles, equipment, tools, and chemicals in order to prevent damage to facilities or injury to self or others. E
Perform all janitorial responsibilities to ensure a clean, safe, and orderly environment to include, but not limited to: sweep, mop, scrub, strip, wax, and buff floors, vacuum/clean carpets, clean and sanitize/deodorize rest rooms, empty trash containers, clean/dust, maintain appropriate supplies in respective areas, etc. E
Perform all grounds keeping responsibilities to sustain a clean, safe, and orderly environment/appearance to include, but not limited to: snow removal, spread salt to prevent ice build-up, plant and/or water grass/flowers/trees/shrubs, cut/trim grass, general yard work, etc. E  
Perform all moderate maintenance responsibilities to sustain a clean, safe, and orderly environment/appearance to include, but not limited to: painting, preventative maintenance, etc. E
Prepare, complete, maintain, and submit required items by due dates and required timelines (i.e.; Custodial Records Forms, daily/ weekly/monthly checklists on building equipment maintenance procedure and/or scheduled maintenance procedures, etc.). E
Assist with general facilities and maintenance duties to include, but not limited to: drive truck/van for deliveries and transporting equipment, respond to emergency calls for facilities/maintenance assistance, set-up of facilities for meetings/classrooms/conferences/events, inventory control and ordering of cleaning supplies, immediately report problems, repairs needed or other related matters to supervisor, lock and unlock assigned buildings (secure building when facilities are not in use checking for unlocked doors and windows, report any unauthorized occupants, turn off lights according to established procedures), etc. E
Attend meetings, workshops, and professional development activities, as directed. NE
Establish and maintain good communication with stakeholders (i.e.; employees, vendors). E
Implement and/or practice the duties and requirements of a mandated reporter of suspected child abuse under current policies and procedures, as required. E
Perform other duties as assigned. NE
        Required Qualifications      
1.
High School Diploma or GED required.
2.
Able to follow specific instructions and routines and work independently according to a specific schedule.
3.
Minimum of one (1) year paid work experience in painting, light carpentry, repairs, cleaning compounds, chemical and standard safety measures strongly preferred.
4.
Knowledge of the methods, tools and equipment utilized in grounds and facility maintenance and repair.
5.
Knowledge of basic carpentry, plumbing, electrical and painting skills.
6.
Able to perform physical labor involving the maintenance, repair, and cleaning of buildings. 
7.
Good communication and documentation skills, written and verbal, appropriate to target audiences across multiple functional areas, categories, levels, linguistic, and economic backgrounds; both in a team and individual environment required
8.
Strong cultural competency and interpersonal relationship skills.
9.
Good critical thinking; able to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. 
10.
Highly developed organizational skills and able to manage multiple priorities. 
11.
Able to lift 30-50 pounds regularly.
12.
Bilingual, English/Spanish, preferred.
13.
Transportation, valid Wisconsin Driver’s license, state minimum auto insurance, and must meet La Causa, Inc. driving standards. 
14.
Must successfully complete and pass all background checks to include, but not limited to: Criminal History, TB Testing, and Physical.
15.
Able to work flexible schedule, including evenings and weekends, depending on program needs.
        Physical Demands and Working Conditions      
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
Attendance and punctuality is an essential function of the position.
The employee is regularly required to drive, stand, sit, reach, stoop, bend, and walk. Employee is frequently required to see, talk, or hear. Finger dexterity is also required.  Frequent lifting, pushing, pulling, reaching, will be encountered.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Job requires physical labor, indoor and outdoor work, work in extreme temperatures (winter/summer), and travel from one building to another, as needed.
        Reports To      
Facilities Supervisor 
        To Apply      
(NO SOLICITATIONS PLEASE)
TO APPLY: Apply online at 
www.lacausa.org
 under “History and Info” then “Employment App.”
 Please know that your Public Libraries offer free use of a computer and access to internet.   
The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position.
Any current La Causa, Inc. employee wishing to apply for this position should notify their immediate supervisor of their intentions and must complete and submit the Job Bid Form (with an updated resume) to the Department of Human Resources for processing.
 LA CAUSA, INC. IS AN AA/EEOC/LEP EMPLOYER AND PARTICIPATES IN E-VERIFY
EOE OF MINORITIES/FEMALES/VETS/DISABILITY
 Apply Now
Where Children and Families Come First
Contact Us
La Causa, Inc.
PO Box 04188
Milwaukee, WI 53204-0188
 Phone : (414) 647-8750
 Email : 
Click here
 Web : www.lacausa.org
Quick Links
Home
About Us
Our Programs
The Latest
Make a Difference!
Contact Us
Our Locations Links
Administration
Charter School
Early Education & Care Center
Crisis Nursery & Respite Center
Social Services Adult Programs
Social Services Youth Programs
Our Partners
Hunger Task Force
United Way of Greater Milwaukee
Unidos US
Nextdoor
Project Lead The Way
CDBG
Copyright © 1998-2018 La Causa, Inc - All rights reserved.
Web Development by Vilcorp
×
Contact Us
Please fill out the form below and a La Causa representative will respond to your inquiry shortly:
Your Name 
*
Your Email 
*
Message 
CAPTCHA
We need to verify you're a human. Please fill out of the CAPTCHA.
Close
					×				
Make A Difference
							 GIVE QUICKLY & SAFELY ONLINE						
PRINT A DONATION FORM
					Mail completed form to: La Causa Fund Development, PO Box 04188, Milwaukee, WI 53204
						 CALL US AT (414) 316-5498					
					We'll happily walk you through the donation process				
					Close				
					×				
Employment Application
Are you currently employed with La Causa, Inc.?
YES
NO
					Cancel				
Original text
Contribute a better translation