Skip to main content
	          Where Children and Families Come First	        
Phone: (414) 647-8750
Email: 
Click here
 Donate Now
 Donate Now
Select Language
​
▼
Contact Us
Toggle navigation	          
About Us
Our Mission & Vision
Board of Directors
Administration
Annual Report
Programs & Services
Charter School
Crisis Nursery & Respite Center
Early Education and Care Center
Social Services Adult Programs
Social Services Youth Programs
  - Treatment Foster Care
The Latest
Events
News
Make a Difference
Careers
Benefits
Employment Opportunities
New Applicant Application
Job Bid Form (Current Employees Only)
Search 
Senior Accountant I
You are here
Home
 » 
Careers
 » 
Employment Opportunities
 » Senior Accountant I
Employment Opportunities
 Apply Now
        Position Title      
Senior Accountant I
        Opening & Closing Dates      
January 1, 2018
        Job Location      
Support Services
        Base Wage      
POST POSITION
LA CAUSA, INC. POSITION OPENING NOTICE
(NO SOLICITATIONS PLEASE)
OPENING DATE: January 1, 2018
CLOSING DATE: Until Filled
Base Wage: $42,500.00
*annual wage will be pro-rated based on start date and/or full-time/part-time status, base wage is contingent upon the employee actively working the full year, unpaid days off will adjust wage for that specific pay-period.
        FLSA Status      
Exempt/Salaried
        Primary Function      
Responsible for managing and supporting assigned day-to-day functions, operations, and strategies in the Finance and Accounting Department with a focus on assigned functions.
        Primary Duties      
Legend: E = Essential  /  NE = Non Essential  /  N/A = Not Applicable
Provide back-up support and coverage for Finance and Accounting staff in their absence. E
Provide guidance and support to Directors, Supervisors, and employees, as needed. NE
Administer and/or manage assigned areas of Finance and Accounting functions to include, but not limited to: payroll processing, accounts payable, accounts receivable, budgets, forecasting, general Finance and Accounting administration, billing, etc. E
Provide input into department’s goal setting process, etc. E
Support month-end and year-end close process (by due dates); to include, but not limited to: monthly closing, journal entries, general ledger accounts, financial reports, financial period closings, cash flow, reconciliations, periodic and special financial reports, verify, allocate, post and reconcile transactions, etc. E
Create, maintain and update information to include, but not limited to: employee payroll files, employee benefits worksheet, general departmental files, vendor files, prepare financial statements and produce budget according to schedule, etc. E
Produce error-free accounting reports and present their results. E
Plan, assign and review staff’s work. E
Assist CFO to ensure compliance and accurate data and documents (i.e.; account classifications, grant fund expenditures, incoming/outgoing documentation such as purchase orders, payables/receivables, etc. E
Implement and/or practice the duties and responsibilities of a mandated reporter of suspected child abuse under current policies and procedures, as required. E
Establish and maintain good communication with all stakeholders (i.e.; employees, vendors). NE
Follow and ensure adherence to all legal, organizational and contractual requirements, laws and policies. E
Attend all meetings and professional development activities, as directed. NE
Perform other duties as assigned. NE
        Required Qualifications      
Minimum of a Bachelor Degree in Accounting or Finance from an accredited school required; CPA preferred.
Minimum of three (3) years of practical/professional in accounting required; preferably in the not-for-profit field.
Proven Senior Accounting experience.
Proven experience in the use of a computerized payroll system and accounting tools.  Knowledge of Visual Account Mate preferred.
Aptitude for numbers and quantitative skills.
Experience with creating financial statements, including excellent abilities in word processing, spreadsheets, and data bases with experience in using Microsoft Office suite.
Experience with general ledger functions and month-end/year end close process.
Excellent organizational skills and able to manage multiple priorities.
Strong cultural competency and interpersonal relationship skills.
Strong communication skills, written and verbal, appropriate to target audiences across multiple functional areas, categories, levels, linguistic, and economic backgrounds; both in a team and individual environment.
Excellent critical thinking; able to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.
Highly developed organizational skills and able to manage multiple priorities; accuracy and attention to detail.
Able to work flexible schedule, including evenings and weekends, depending on program needs.
Transportation, valid Wisconsin Driver’s license, state minimum auto insurance, and meet La Causa, Inc. driving standards.
        Physical Demands and Working Conditions      
PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
Attendance and punctuality is an essential function of the job.
The employee is regularly required to drive, stand, sit, reach, stoop, bend, and walk. Employee is frequently required to see, talk, or hear. Finger dexterity is also required. Infrequent lifting, including files, will be encountered.
 WORKING CONDITIONS: Work is generally performed in an office environment. Local travel required; some state-wide travel as needed.  Flexible hours required; as dictated by program needs.
        Reports To      
Chief Financial Officer
        To Apply      
Apply online at 
www.lacausa.org
 under “Careers” then “New Applicant Application.”
Please know that your Public Libraries offer free use of a computer and access to internet.
The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position.
Any current La Causa, Inc. employee wishing to apply for this position is required to notify their immediate supervisor of their intentions and must complete the Job Bid Form online, which will be submitted to the Department of Human Resources for processing.  Failure to notify your immediate supervisor prior to submitting an application will lead to applicant disqualification.
LA CAUSA, INC. IS AN AA/EEOC/LEP EMPLOYER AND PARTICIPATES IN E-VERIFY EOE OF MINORITIES/FEMALES/VETS/DISABILITY
 Apply Now
Where Children and Families Come First
Contact Us
La Causa, Inc.
PO Box 04188
Milwaukee, WI 53204-0188
 Phone : (414) 647-8750
 Email : 
Click here
 Web : www.lacausa.org
Quick Links
Home
About Us
Our Programs
The Latest
Make a Difference!
Contact Us
Our Locations Links
Administration
Charter School
Early Education & Care Center
Crisis Nursery & Respite Center
Social Services Adult Programs
Social Services Youth Programs
Our Partners
Hunger Task Force
United Way of Greater Milwaukee
Unidos US
Nextdoor
Project Lead The Way
CDBG
Copyright © 1998-2018 La Causa, Inc - All rights reserved.
Web Development by Vilcorp
×
Contact Us
Please fill out the form below and a La Causa representative will respond to your inquiry shortly:
Your Name 
*
Your Email 
*
Message 
CAPTCHA
We need to verify you're a human. Please fill out of the CAPTCHA.
Close
					×				
Make A Difference
							 GIVE QUICKLY & SAFELY ONLINE						
PRINT A DONATION FORM
					Mail completed form to: La Causa Fund Development, PO Box 04188, Milwaukee, WI 53204
						 CALL US AT (414) 316-5498					
					We'll happily walk you through the donation process				
					Close				
					×				
Employment Application
Are you currently employed with La Causa, Inc.?
YES
NO
					Cancel				
Original text
Contribute a better translation