Skip to main content
	          Where Children and Families Come First	        
Phone: (414) 647-8750
Email: 
Click here
 Donate Now
 Donate Now
Select Language
​
▼
Contact Us
Toggle navigation	          
About Us
Our Mission & Vision
Board of Directors
Administration
Annual Report
Programs & Services
Charter School
Crisis Nursery & Respite Center
Early Education and Care Center
Social Services Adult Programs
Social Services Youth Programs
  - Treatment Foster Care
The Latest
Events
News
Make a Difference
Careers
Benefits
Employment Opportunities
New Applicant Application
Job Bid Form (Current Employees Only)
Search 
Food Service Worker Lead
You are here
Home
 » 
Careers
 » 
Employment Opportunities
 » Food Service Worker Lead
Employment Opportunities
 Apply Now
        Position Title      
Food Service Worker Lead
        Opening & Closing Dates      
January 1, 2018
        Job Location      
Support Services
        Base Wage      
POST POSITION
LA CAUSA, INC. POSITION OPENING NOTICE
(NO SOLICITATIONS PLEASE)
OPENING DATE: January 1, 2018
CLOSING DATE: Until Filled
$11.09 per hour
        FLSA Status      
Hourly/Non-Exempt
        Primary Function      
Schedule Hours: 6:30am to 3:30pm
Responsible for preparing and serving food items; verifying quality/quantity of food and supplies; maintaining facilities in a safe and sanitary condition and guiding assigned personnel in the performance of their job functions.
        Primary Duties      
Legend: E = Essential  /  NE = Non Essential  /  N/A = Not Applicable
MUST BE ABLE TO PERFORM ALL OF THE DUTIES OF FOOD SERVICE WORKER I, AND II IN ADDTION TO:
Cook and prepare food and beverages in accordance with pre-determined menus, applicable laws and regulations.
Oversee the serving of food and beverage items.
Notify Supervisor of any needed menu changes.
Estimate food preparation amounts and adjust recipes, as needed.
Evaluate prepared food for flavor, appearance and temperature.
Inspect food items and/or supplies and verify quantity, quality and specifications of orders.
Inventory stock and supplies and order accordingly.
Evaluate and report on site operations to include, but not limited to: personnel, food quality and quantities, new products, ordering and compliance with applicable guidelines, laws and regulations.
Ensuring a safe and sanitary working environment.
Provide input and feedback for Meal Program area personnel.
Assist in guiding and directing other Meal Program area personnel and volunteers.
Food Service Worker I
Assist with light food preparation. E
Serve food and beverages. E
Inspect food and beverage items for quality, freshness and to prevent cross-contamination or food borne illnesses. E 
Maintain clean, sanitary and orderly kitchen and cafeteria areas in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. E
Ensure clean, working and sanitary equipment and utensils in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and report any concerns. E
Put away and organize stock. E
18.   Stock, arrange and prepare food and beverage serving items in accordance to applicable laws and regulations. E
Adhere to daily food delivery schedule. E
Inform Food Service Manager or designee immediately of any concerns regarding food delivery.
Set-up the food carts and delivers to classrooms. E
Complete a daily safety inspection of delivery vehicle and report any concerns to applicable parties. E
Food Service Worker II
Assist with direct food preparation. E
Assist with maintaining meal counts, production records, serving meals and placing food and supply orders. E
Set tables in cafeteria. E
Attend meetings, workshops, and professional development activities, act as one of the agency’s Facility liaisons (internally and externally), and perform training and presentations, as directed. E
Establish and maintain good communication, collaboration and cooperation with all stakeholders (i.e., parents, teachers, School Administration, MPS representatives, etc.). E
Practice and/or implement the duties and requirements of a mandated reporter of suspected child abuse under current policies and procedures, as required. E
Perform other related duties as assigned for the overall purpose of the program. E
        Required Qualifications      
Minimum of a High School diploma or GED equivalent.
Four (4) years’ professional experience in food service sector.
Knowledge of health department regulations on food preparation and meal serving or trained and attained within 90 days of hire.
Able to lift up to 50 pounds regularly.
Bilingual (English / Spanish) preferred.
Good organizational skills, able to manage multiple priorities and able to respond quickly and courteously.
Good communication skills, both oral and written, interpersonal relationship skills, and ability to work effectively with others in a diverse cultural, linguistic and economic background; both in a team and individual environment.
Must be able to work flexible hours, evenings and weekends; based on program needs
Must successfully complete TB and drug testing, physical and background checks.
        Physical Demands and Working Conditions      
PHYSICAL DEMANDS: 
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Attendance and Punctuality are an essential function of this job.
The employee is regularly required to stand, sit, reach, stoop, bend, and walk. Employee is frequently required to see, talk, or hear. Finger dexterity is also required. Infrequent lifting, including files, will be encountered.
NORMAL WORKING CONDITIONS: 
Work is performed in school/day care kitchen and cafeteria environments and areas. Frequent local travel.
        Reports To      
Food Service Manager
        To Apply      
(NO SOLICITATIONS PLEASE)
Apply online at 
www.lacausa.org
 under “Careers” then “New Applicant Application.”
Please know that your Public Libraries offer free use of a computer and access to internet.
The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position.
Any current La Causa, Inc. employee wishing to apply for this position is required to notify their immediate supervisor of their intentions and must complete the Job Bid Form online, which will be submitted to the Department of Human Resources for processing.  Failure to notify your immediate supervisor prior to submitting an application will lead to applicant disqualification.
LA CAUSA, INC. IS AN AA/EEOC/LEP EMPLOYER AND PARTICIPATES IN E-VERIFY EOE OF MINORITIES/FEMALES/VETS/DISABILITY
 Apply Now
Where Children and Families Come First
Contact Us
La Causa, Inc.
PO Box 04188
Milwaukee, WI 53204-0188
 Phone : (414) 647-8750
 Email : 
Click here
 Web : www.lacausa.org
Quick Links
Home
About Us
Our Programs
The Latest
Make a Difference!
Contact Us
Our Locations Links
Administration
Charter School
Early Education & Care Center
Crisis Nursery & Respite Center
Social Services Adult Programs
Social Services Youth Programs
Our Partners
Hunger Task Force
United Way of Greater Milwaukee
Unidos US
Nextdoor
Project Lead The Way
CDBG
Copyright © 1998-2018 La Causa, Inc - All rights reserved.
Web Development by Vilcorp
×
Contact Us
Please fill out the form below and a La Causa representative will respond to your inquiry shortly:
Your Name 
*
Your Email 
*
Message 
CAPTCHA
We need to verify you're a human. Please fill out of the CAPTCHA.
Close
					×				
Make A Difference
							 GIVE QUICKLY & SAFELY ONLINE						
PRINT A DONATION FORM
					Mail completed form to: La Causa Fund Development, PO Box 04188, Milwaukee, WI 53204
						 CALL US AT (414) 316-5498					
					We'll happily walk you through the donation process				
					Close				
					×				
Employment Application
Are you currently employed with La Causa, Inc.?
YES
NO
					Cancel				
Original text
Contribute a better translation