Home
About Us            
About AIA
Academic Performance
School Grade
Governance and Financials
Budget and Financials
Parent Liaison
School Info
GET INVOLVED
PTA
Admissions
Contacts
Alpha International Academy
School 
Information
General Info 
									Alpha International Academy Science and Technology is located at the corner of Van Buren street and south 24th Avenue. The school has adopted an enhanced traditional curriculum with a focus on the science and technology. A unique master schedule provides enrichment opportunities during the school day as well as standards and data driven opportunities for increased academic achievement for students with identified gaps in learning. Parent volunteer hours far exceed the district average for a school this size.
Breakfast and Lunch Information 
									Breakfast and lunch service will be available to all students. Alpha International Academy participates in the National School Lunch Program and free or reduced pricing is available to those students who meet the guidelines. Breakfast costs $1.50 and Lunch costs $2.85. Reduced breakfast costs $.30 and reduced lunch costs $.40.
Admissions Information for Parents 
									Immunization - It is vitally important for our incoming Kindergarten, and 1st Grade students must have the mandatory immunizations required by the state before the first day of school, August 18th. Section 1003.22 (10a) of the Florida Statutes does not allow kindergarteners to attend school with incomplete immunization documentation. Please do not call our registrar and ask for an extension. She cannot by law allow your child to attend school without the immunization paperwork from your doctor. Please contact your pediatrician to schedule an appointment or contact your local health center for a schedule of free immunizations for families that qualify.
Medication - The administering or dispensing of any medicines (including non-prescription over-the-counter) to students by employees of Alpha International Academy Science and Technology without specific written authorization by a medical doctor of the student is forbidden. If it is absolutely necessary that the child take any medication while at school, each medication must be accompanied by an Authorization for Medication Form that has been completed and signed by the child's doctor. The medication, including over the counter medication, will be kept in the main office and will be administered by certified office personnel.
School Grade 2016-17 - School Grades are in and I’m extremely proud to share the wonderful news. Alpha is a ‘B’!! Our Brilliant students achieved Brilliant Status! We are proud of you all. Our students and our staff worked tirelessly this school year to prepare for the FSA and the results prove that hard work truly does pay off. 
Alpha ranked number 1 in the state for change in % scoring level 3 or above from 2016 to 2017 in Math and # 2 out 2109 schools for the change in % scoring Level 3 or Above from 2016 to 2017 in Reading. Outstanding accomplishment!!!
Our school grade from the Florida Department of Education for the 2016 -17 school year is a ‘B’ you can find this along with information about our Annual Measureable Objectives by visiting 
http://schoolgrades.fldoe.org/
‘B’ All you can be at Alpha International Academy
We use the following Curriculum/Software:
•	Journeys
•	iReady
•	Florida Ready
•	Accelerated Reader
•	Go Math
•	Acaletics
•	USA Testprep
•	Science Fusion
•	Phonics 
Teacher Certification - All teachers at Alpha International Academy are certified instructors in their area of expertise. Moreover, great emphasis is placed on teacher training and giving our instructors the opportunity for professional growth. 70% of the faculty has a master’s degree or higher. Teacher training is paramount providing instruction with the most current technology and instructional tools available.
2017-2018 School Year Application
Monthly School Calendar
This Years School Supply List
Uniform Policy
Lunch Menu
Programs
Core Curriculum
Science and Technology
Before and After Care
Free/Reduced Lunch Program
School 
Hours
Elementary Start: 8:00 am
Before Care: 7:00 am
School doors open: 7:45 am
Tardy warning bell: 7:50 am
Tardy bell: 8:00 am
Elementary Dismissal: 3:00 pm
After Care: 3:00 – 6:00 pm
Contact:
											Phone:
											Email:
954.505.7974
info@alphainternationalacademy.com
Join 
Us:
Admissions
School Info
Why 
Us:
About Us 
AIA & PTA
Newsletter:
Subscribe
121 
S 
24th 
Avenue, 
Hollywood 
FL 
33020 
| 
954.505.7974