Home
About Us            
About AIA
Academic Performance
School Grade
Governance and Financials
Budget and Financials
Parent Liaison
School Info
GET INVOLVED
PTA
Admissions
Contacts
Alpha International Academy
About 
AIA
                                                                We are now enrolling students for the 2017-2018 school year!
Charter schools are part of a sweeping educational reform that places the highest priority on providing a better education. Charter schools are tuition free and are funded much like a public school, but each charter school is governed privately. Private governance places accountability squarely on the shoulders of the entity running the schools. Every dollar spent through the charter school system is focused on furthering each student's education. Unlike traditional public schools, charter schools must demonstrate success, or they will lose their charter. Charter schools can be managed by municipalities, private companies or individuals.
Mission Statement - As a Title 1 educational facility, the mission of Alpha International Academy is to provide a positive nurturing environment with an exciting, rigorous academic
 program where students learn to become responsible citizens, life-long learners and community leaders in a competitive world.
Beliefs and Goals - The school will engage its students in an academic program specializing in science through innovative technology driven instructional methods that are aligned with the Next Generation Sunshine State Standards and the Common Core Curriculum.  In addition, reading and literacy will always be our priority and the reading curricula will be aligned with the School Board of Broward County’s Reading Plan. Finally, we believe that an educated student in the 21st century must have the technological skills and understanding to participate and work productively in a multicultural, globally-oriented environment.
Curriculum - The Alpha International Academy Science and Technology will promote a technique that will yield improved academic results, self -development and character education. Teaching techniques go well beyond Florida Sunshine State Standards' focus into broad levels of skill-building. These methods, when combined with traditional instructional strategies, will give our students a strong information foundation and skills repertoire upon which to build their future.
Parental Involvement - We know that children enjoy greater success in school when the adults they admire most take an interest in their education.  Our students' parents are required to commit to 30 volunteer hours each year for the school. These hours foster closer relationships and ensure a more secure learning environment.  
Our 
Principal
Wayne Neunie
										My philosophy is "Children may not remember everything that you teach them but they certainly remember how you treat them". 
Read More
School Board
Parent Liaison
This Years School Supply List
2017-2018 School Year Application
Employment
To apply for a positon, Please email resumes to 
employment@alphainternationalacademy.com
.
(Please specify the position you are applying for in the subject line.)
or by mail to:
 HR - Alpha International Academy
 121 South 24th Avenue,
 Hollywood, FL 33020
Contact:
											Phone:
											Email:
954.505.7974
info@alphainternationalacademy.com
Join 
Us:
Admissions
School Info
Why 
Us:
About Us 
AIA & PTA
Newsletter:
Subscribe
121 
S 
24th 
Avenue, 
Hollywood 
FL 
33020 
| 
954.505.7974