Home
About Us            
About AIA
Academic Performance
School Grade
Governance and Financials
Budget and Financials
Parent Liaison
School Info
GET INVOLVED
PTA
Admissions
Contacts
Alpha International Academy
PARENTS
Getting Involved 
									The school requires that parents volunteer for 30 hours of service to the school each academic year. It is our belief that once parents become involved they will want to do more than twenty hours. Volunteer activities will be as diverse as the professions and vocational backgrounds of our parent constituency. Activities will range from office clerical work to editorial and artistic services; organizing and hosting school events; fundraising; chaperoning field trips and numerous other activities.
School Advisory Council 
									The purpose of the Council is to serve in an advisory capacity, and to provide a forum to facilitate communication among the AIA parents, teachers, Hollywood community, and administration, as related to school-wide issues, in an atmosphere of due process, cooperation, and trust. The following committees were created in specialized areas that may concern you most. The concerns will be presented to the School Advisory Council and Administration. We value yourparticipation.  Meetings are held once a month at 6:00pm.  For more information, contact Christopher Repcik at 
presidentpta@alphainternationalacademy.com
PTA meetings are scheduled for the 2nd Monday of the month at 6:00 p.m.
Testimonials
Klensi Jacint
Mother																"My son and I moved here last summer from Cuba. Neither one of us spoke a word of English. I am so thankful to the staff at Alpha for how well my son is doing. He speaks English now and is going to the first grade. This is a great school!"
   View All   
Important 
Information
Parent Handbook 
Code of Student Conduct
Emergency Contact Card
Dress Code
School Calendar
Parent Involvement Plan
Parent Compact Plan
Aftercare Program 
FL Dept. of Education
Contact:
											Phone:
											Email:
954.505.7974
info@alphainternationalacademy.com
Join 
Us:
Admissions
School Info
Why 
Us:
About Us 
AIA & PTA
Newsletter:
Subscribe
121 
S 
24th 
Avenue, 
Hollywood 
FL 
33020 
| 
954.505.7974