Skip to main content
Register / Application
School Forms & Docs
Suggested Supply Lists
 Uniform Information 
Select Language
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Haitian Creole
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Login
Email
: 
Password
: 
Create Account
Ben Gamla Charter School South
Site Navigation
Home
About Us
Principal's Message
Staff Directory
Broward Schools Calendar
Newsletters
F.A.Q.
Mission Statement
Campus
Accreditation
Governing Board
Wellness Plan
Education Service Provider
Florida Charter School Website Required Documents
Employment opportunities
Parent Input
Comparative School Data
Academics
Graduation Requirements
School Grades
Student Services
Elementary Curriculum
FSA
Summer Packet
Hebrew Program
Art Program
Students
Student Portal
Code of Conduct
Student Parent Handbook
Parents
Parent Portal
Child Abuse and Neglect Policy
Volunteer Opportunities
PTO
School Uniform
School Lunch Program
School Application
School Advisory Committee (SAC)
Title 1 Information
Homeless Information
Campus Life
Photo Albums
Sheirut Girls
Media Center
Staff
Email
Gradebooks
Portal
												School Advisory Committee (SAC)									
Please see our school calendar for information on the next SAC Meeting - everyone is welcome to attend!
What is the SAC? According to the Department of Education:
The  School Advisory Council (SAC) is a team of                people  representing various segments of the community–parents,                 teachers, students, administrators, support staff, business/                 industry people and other interested community members. The                 purpose of a SAC is to assist in the preparation and evaluation                 (developing and evaluating) of the results of the school                 improvement plan and to assist the principal with the  annual                school budget. Additionally, SAC receives funds  "to be used at the                discretion of the School Advisory  Committee A portion of the money                should be used for  implementing the school improvement plan."                 "The  improvement plan shall include performance indicators which                 are measurable."  "Funding for use by the School Advisory                 Councils should be allocated directly to the School Advisory                 Councils, should be clearly earmarked for their use and is not                 subject to override by the Principal or interim approvals  by                school district staff. These moneys may be expended  only on                programs or projects selected by the school  advisory council.                 These moneys may not be used for  capital improvements."                     
Each  school in               the State of Florida must have a SAC.  By law,  each SAC must               be composed of the principal and an  “appropriately balanced”               number of “stakeholders.” These  individuals must be               representative of the ethnic, racial  and economic makeup of the               community served by the school.  High schools and vocational               technical centers must have  students on the SACs. Middle and               junior high schools may  to include students on their SAC.                 The majority of SAC  members (over 50 percent) must not be employed               by the  school on whose SAC they serve.
"The  whole point of school  improvement is data-driven decision making. The  process is SUPPOSED to  be fairly simple and straight forward: The SAC  reviews relevant data  (which is much more than test scores), identifies  problem areas,  develops improvement strategies, monitors their  implementation, and then  starts the whole process over when the next  round of data is  available." -- KM, DOE
Ben Gamla Charter School South
AdvancED
				6511 West Sunrise Blvd
				Plantation, FL 33313
				Phone: (954) 587-8348
				Fax: (954) 587-8347			
powered by Educational Networks
Original text
Contribute a better translation