home
admissions
Overview
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
NOCCS Board of Directors
 Melissa McDonald—Co-Chair
Term:Aug.'16–Aug.'19
Melissa is a technology consultant with more than 18 years experience in consulting, project management, training, teaching, management and research. Her clients have included community foundations, technology companies, biotech companies and banks. She had several careers before she became a consultant including Autism specialist, university Psychology course developer/instructor and corporate trainer. Melissa has BAs in biology and psychology from the University of North Carolina (Go Tarheels!). She is also a professionally trained pastry chef! Melissa  lives down the street from NOCCS with her husband and two children, Eleanor, a 3rd grader, and Colin, a kindergartner at NOCCS. She is excited to finally unlock the achievement of a single school dropoff!
Luis Rodriguez — Co-Chair
Term:Aug.'15–Aug.'18
Luis brings a background in public education, non-profit education, and traditional consulting to the NOCCs board. He is currently a partner at The Learning Accelerator, a non-profit in the education space.  Previously, Luis served as the Director of the Office of Digital Learning for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Luis also served as a program manager of educator evaluation during his tenure at the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. Before his education endeavors, Luis spent over a decade at Accenture doing technology and management consulting for communication and high tech clients. Luis met his wife Kate in the Bay Area many moons ago and after a few years here and there recently moved to Oakland. He enjoys recreational sports, cooking, but most importantly … spending time with family and friends. Luis’ education beliefs can be summarized in one word, opportunity. He looks forward to working with the NOCCS team and ensuring all students have the opportunity for a great educational experience.                        
Devon King-Neece—Treasurer
Term:Aug.'16–Aug.'19
Devon King-Neece is an Investigator in the San Francisco Regional Office of the U.S. Department of Labor/ Employee Benefits Security Administration, focusing on ERISA, Fiduciary Duties, HIPAA, and other related topics.  She has also worked in the field of Equal Employment Opportunity Commission claims and has volunteered at the Women's Employment Rights Clinic and the Employment Law Center in San Francisco.  Devon has lived most of her life in Oakland, and when she's not working she can be found at one of the many kid-friendly Oakland parks with her two young sons, Atticus and Langston. 			
Stephen Ajani—Head of School
Term: June'15–Ongoing
Steve is a proud Oakland native whose career in education began with teaching second grade in Washington DC. From there he went on to join the founding teams of a number of high performing KIPP and Achievement First schools in the Northeast, serving as teacher, Dean, Principal, and Director of Engagement. Prior to joining NOCCS, Steve worked as the Chief Program Officer for a small network of schools in Memphis, Tennessee. He earned his B.S. in Business Management from Morehouse College and his M.Ed. in Educational Leadership and Supervision from Howard University. Steve feels very fortunate for having had the opportunity to serve with and learn from some of the finest educators in the District of Columbia, New Haven, New York City, and Memphis. Throughout all of his work in school communities, he has found it critically important to engage and ensure that key stakeholders have a voice at the table.
Annette de la Llana—Staff Representative
Term: Aug.'17–Ongoing
Annette de la Llana has 15 years of leading K-12 educators and students in achieving significant gains in urban public schools. She brings to her work a deep understanding of professional development, teacher observation, coaching, evaluation and culturally sustaining pedagogy. Annette currently serves as the Upper School Instructional Dean and Humanities teacher at NOCCS. Previously, Annette was an Assistant Principal and instructional coach at Alpha: Blanca Alvarado Middle School in San Jose. Prior experience includes working as an instructional coach, curriculum specialist and Director of Instruction at charter schools in New York and Indianapolis, and teaching kindergarten, 2nd, 3rd and 6th grades in Brooklyn, NY. She began her teaching career as a Teach For America corps member in Washington, DC. Annette holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of California, San Diego, an M.S. in Elementary Education from Brooklyn College, and an Ed.M. in Education Leadership from Teachers College, Columbia University. Born in Freeport, Grand Bahama, she arrived in the United States in 1992 as a first-generation Filipina immigrant, and moved to the Bay Area three years ago. A lover of travel, Annette is an amateur mixed martial arts fighter, with training in Brazilian Jiujitsu and Muay Thai kickboxing. Her life's work is to inspire young people to become transformative leaders in their communities.
Raja Antony
Term: Aug.'16–Aug.'19
Raja Antony is a technology service architect at Akamai, a leading internet performance and security company in San Francisco. He brings 15 years of consulting experience, including a decade with Deloitte Consulting. He has spent most of his career working with public sector clients, including the California Department of Public Health, where he led key technology projects for the State's Genetic Disease Screening Program. Raja has a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Computer Science. As a first generation Indian American, living with his wife, who is a first generation Iranian American, he can't appreciate enough the value of diversity and inclusion, and for that reason loves the bay area, in particular Oakland. As a father of two children, he is passionate about improving and preserving a vibrant educational system where every children is understood, cared for and given the opportunity to thrive.			
Leslie Bell
Term:Aug.'15–Aug.'18
Leslie Bell is a psychotherapist, sociologist, and writer who has spent most of her life in schools – as a student, college instructor, and now as a therapist and organizational consultant. She is passionate about creating equity, opportunity, and intellectual rigor in public educational institutions. Leslie currently works part-time in a private psychotherapy practice and part-time as an employee assistance therapist at U.C. Berkeley. Her research, writing, and clinical work are focused on women’s development, empowerment, and sexuality. Leslie holds a BA from Swarthmore College, an MSW from Smith College School for Social Work, and a PhD in sociology from U.C. Berkeley. A Northern California native, she lives in the Longfellow neighborhood in Oakland with her husband and two daughters, who are in first and fifth grades at NOCCS.
Brandie Albright
Term: Aug.'17–Aug. '20
Brandie combines her experience in the boardroom with her passion for equitable outcomes to drive inclusive and collaborative change. She is currently Business Development Director with Gartner, the preeminent technology research and advisory firm. She is also currently a Board Member of the Longfellow Community Association, and in her time there has been instrumental in projects that have ranged from inclusive Halloween events to negotiating a $1m community benefits agreement with developers for beautification and investment in the Greater Longfellow Neighborhood, in which NOCCS is located. Previously, when not managing FedEx client relationships, she traveled globally to lend her organizational know-how to NGOs whose missions align with her beliefs; Habitat for Humanity, Beth Uriel, & PASSOP to name a few. Born and raised in Tucson, AZ to a deeply Southern family, she earned her BIS in Organizational & Behavioral Studies from Arizona State University.  Brandie shares her home with two rescue dogs and two found cats.
Dewayne Walton
Term: Aug.'17–Aug. '20
Dewayne Walton is an experienced business leader working in fintech.  He brings more than 15 years of strategic planning, talent management and marketing experience in the digital space, working for Financial Service, Healthcare, Non-Profit and Media companies. He is a champion for diverse and inclusive work cultures and has been recognized by the National Diversity Council as a Corporate Diversity Leader. Dewayne believes children should have equal access to a good education despite their social economic status. As the world becomes more technically apt, it's important that kids are exposed to 21st century learning at an early age. Dewayne has lived in the Oakland area for more than 10 years and enjoys spending quality time outdoors with his wife and kids.
Jeanna Penn
Term: Aug.'17–Aug. '20
Jeanna has worked in arts management for over 12 years, as both the co-owner of an art production company as well as the former coordinator of a non-profit public art space. Her company, ICU Art, which she runs with her husband, focuses on mural production for both fine art and commercial art projects around the country. Their most recent large-scale projects include the Santa Cruz Museum of Art & History and the Moscone Parking Center in San Francisco. Jeanna is originally from Columbia, MD and has lived in California for 16 years. She is married to Stash Maleski and together they are raising their 4 year-old son and a dog in the Longfellow neighborhood of Oakland. Jeanna looks forward to giving NOCCS the support it needs to continue to deliver a quality education to all of its students.
Noelle	Hylton
Term: Aug.'17–Aug. '20
Noelle has over 15 years experience working in educational technology managing projects. Her current role is Director of Administrative Computing Services at California College of the Arts. Prior to that, she was a Principal Advancement Consultant, managing client engagements for Ellucian, a software company, and as a Director for Hofstra University, coordinating internal projects and operations. She has a proven track record of being an effective manager, building teams and providing direction, with a focus on accomplishing business goals and promoting individual team member success. Noelle was born in Jamaica, West Indies. She spent most of her life in New York, and lived there for over 25 years. She moved to the Bay Area over 12 years ago. She is married to Kearne and has a daughter, Zoey. Prior to serving on the NOCCS board, Noelle was a member of the Aspire Project board of trustees. Noelle enjoys traveling, running and spending time with her family.
Amy Righter
Term: Aug.'17–Aug. '20
Amy Righter is an attorney specializing in criminal and immigration law. She recently retired from the Continuing Education of the Bar where she developed and edited criminal and evidence educational materials for California lawyers. Amy is moving on to become a Criminal and Immigration Law Attorney with the Immigrant Legal Resource Center. She previously worked as a Criminal Law Legal Specialist with the American Bar Association, where she helped to establish the Office of the Public Defender for the Republic of Armenia. Amy has also served as a Deputy Public Defender in San Joaquin County, and as a community organizer for the empowerment of low income communities in Philadelphia, Detroit, New Orleans and Austin. Originally from the East Coast, she has lived in the Bay Area for almost 30 years. Amy is married to Sonya Smith and has one son, Jaden Righter-Smith. Amy enjoys the outdoors and gardening, beekeeping and carpentry. NOCCS caught Amy's eye because of the school's interest in social justice and commitment to raising thoughtful, engaged community members.
Chien Wang
Term: Aug.'17–Aug. '20
Chien has over 20 years of experience working in environmental management, public works projects, and river restoration. She currently works as a civil engineer for the East Bay Municipal Utility District, where she manages capital improvement projects for water distribution systems. Originally from Ohio, Chien has been a Bay Area resident for over 25 years. She lives in Oakland with her partner, two kids (both of whom are NOCCS students), and one tortoiseshell cat. Chien truly loves partaking in the diversity of Bay Area offerings, especially the varied foodie establishments, kid-friendly spaces, and hiking and biking trails! One priority issue for Chien is the management of academic data and how NOCCS can provide teachers, administration, staff and families key numbers and trends they may seek to understand student progress and performance. She is passionate about applying data strategically to ensure a high quality education with equal outcomes for all students.
Imad Abuelgasim
Term: Aug.'17–Aug. '20
Imad Abuelgasim has been a Librarian at University of California, Berkeley since 2005. He has also worked for more than 10 years as a librarian and lecturer at the Dept. of Library and Information Sciences, Al-Neelain University, Khartoum, Sudan. As a Sudanese American, he brings to the NOOCS community great experience in working with immigrant communities in the US and the Bay Area. Imad holds a BA in Library Science and a Masters in Library and Information Science (MLIS). He lives in the Oakland Avenue / Harrison Street neighborhood of Oakland with his wife and two kids.
The first ten minutes of every board meeting is set aside for public comment   		
2017-2018
	  	Board Meetings
        Start Time: 6:00P
		8/16/2017
		9/20/2017
		10/18/2017
		11/15/2017
		12/13/2017
		1/17/2018
		2/21/2018
		3/14/2018
		4/18/2018
		5/16/2018
		6/20/2018
Meeting agendas, summaries, and minutes	  	
NOCCS Board of Directors website	    
To contact the NOCCS board: email 
contact.board@noccs.org
NOCCS EPA Resolution 2014-2015
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation