home
admissions
Overview
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
Community Partners 
NOCCS has developed a number of strong community partnerships throughout our history.  The following is a synopsis our key community partnerships and how they are impacting our educational goals and program:         
Harvard Project Zero
Over the past several years NOCCS has been working to build and strengthen our relationship with the Harvard Graduate School of Education’s 
Project Zero
. In this time, we have sent a number of educators to participate in Project Zero’s Summer Institute, including having two of our teachers participate as teaching fellows within the program.  
MOSAIC Project
The MOSAIC Program
 has played an important role in the life of our school community for the past five years.  Each year, NOCCS sends our 4th grade students to MOSAIC’s weeklong outdoor school.  Through this intensive four night, five day experience our students engage with other students in schools that are markedly different from our own in order to experience and build, first hand, a diverse and peaceful community.  Students bring these experienced back to NOCCS in order to continue to enrich and build our own school climate and culture of peacemaking.  In 2009, NOCCS has deepened our collaboration with the MOSAIC project through serving as a pilot school for their in-school program.  Through this collaboration, MOSAIC trainers work closely with the NOCCS staff to facilitate equity-focused professional development and support the on-going development and continuous improvement of our peacemaking curriculum and structures.    
Longfellow Community Association
NOCCS is an active member within our local neighborhood.  Through this relationship, NOCCS actively works to support and facilitate local neighborhood projects and initiatives.  Our service-learning program is particularly supported by and of this relationship as our students, staff, and families work to develop and implement teaching for understanding linked projects that directly impact and benefit our local community. 
The LCA website is: 
http://longfellowcommunityassociation.com/
 . LCA’s Mission: “Longfellow residents working together to enhance our beautiful, dynamic, and diverse neighborhood, and nurture a friendly and safe community for all”         
Garden Program Partnerships
NOCCS' Gardening Program has sought out partnerships with many community organizations. The winter 2009 watersheds science unit benefited from our partnerships with the Watershed Project and the Friends of Sausal Creek, on whose behalf our students conducted water quality testing.  Our after school gardening class is helping to grow healthy produce at City Slicker Farms' urban garden site at 52nd St. & Genoa St., in order to benefit low income West Oakland families with limited access to healthy produce.  Next spring, we will conduct a workshop on creating pollinator gardens for our neighbor school, Ana Yates Elementary in Emeryville.  We have been active participants in the Growing Learning Communities Collaborative at U C Botanical Gardens, and have helped grow gardening programs at 25 OUSD schools and 35 Early Childhood Centers thru the school garden grants program run by East Bay Community Foundation's Naches fun Gaybn Fund.          
College Avenue Presbyterian Church
NOCCS has maintained a close relationship with the site of our original school site at the College Avenue Presbyterian Church through participation in their Friday Night Community Dinner’s program.  Approximately every other month, two of our classes cook and serve an evening meal to participants in the Community Dinner program at the church.          
Integrated Learning Specialist Program
NOCCS has hosted on-site and enrolled many of our teachers in 
ILSP courses
 offered by the Alameda County Office of Education. An excellent professional development opportunity, participants earn a certificate (and possible graduate school credit) and gain the skills to create imaginative, arts-integrated lessons in any subject area.    
Playworks
With its mission to use "the power of play to bring out the best in every kid", 
Playworks
 provides trainers, games and processes that make recess more fun, equitable and inclusive for all students. With the support of Playworks, kids learn new ways to play and how to resolve disputes when they occur. Many students in our older grades (4th-8th) are trained to be Junior Coaches to help adult supervisors facilitate play during K-3 recess.    
Camp Woolman / Sierra Friends Center
In what has become a beloved tradition, all NOCCS Upper School students (grades 6-8) travel to 
Camp Woolman
 in the Sierra foothills outside of Nevada City each spring. In their Advisory "school families" and guided by their teachers as well as Woolman staff, students cook, clean, garden, swim, hike, do art projects, sing, roast s'mores, play games and live together for two nights and three days. In the process, they learn more about each other and about what it takes to truly be a community.   
Get Empowered
Get Empowered
  teachers offer a rotating schedule of classes to our students in such areas as drumming, movement, dance and Capoeira. All classes are taught by professional artist-educators who excel not only in their chosen performing art but also in their ability to engage youth and connect their practice to children's personal growth and social development.    
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation