home
admissions
Policies
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
NOCCS Administrative Team
Annette de la Llana — Interim Co-Head of School, 6/7/8 ELA & Social Studies Teacher
Annette de la Llana has 15 years of leading K-12 educators and students in achieving significant gains in urban public schools. She brings to her work a deep understanding of professional development, teacher observation, coaching, evaluation and culturally sustaining pedagogy. Annette currently serves as the Upper School Instructional Dean and Humanities teacher at NOCCS. Previously, Annette was an Assistant Principal and instructional coach at Alpha: Blanca Alvarado Middle School in San Jose. Prior experience includes working as an instructional coach, curriculum specialist and Director of Instruction at charter schools in New York and Indianapolis, and teaching kindergarten, 2nd, 3rd and 6th grades in Brooklyn, NY. She began her teaching career as a Teach For America corps member in Washington, DC. Annette holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of California, San Diego, an M.S. in Elementary Education from Brooklyn College, and an Ed.M. in Education Leadership from Teachers College, Columbia University. Born in Freeport, Grand Bahama, she arrived in the United States in 1992 as a first-generation Filipina immigrant, and moved to the Bay Area three years ago. A lover of travel, Annette is an amateur mixed martial arts fighter, with training in Brazilian Jiujitsu and Muay Thai kickboxing. Her life's work is to inspire young people to become transformative leaders in their communities.
Dr. Lehi V. Dickey — Interim Co-Head of School
Dr. Dickey is a visionary leader and educator who has worked in urban school settings for 25 years, serving marginalized K-8 students from low socio-economic backgrounds. Her previous work experience includes 15 years as a classroom teacher in San Francisco and Oakland and 8 years as a vice principal in East Oakland. Lehi is a member of the National Alliance of Black School Educators (NABSE). Raised in the Western Addition of San Francisco, she has lived in Oakland for the past 23 years. Lehi has three grown children and a five year-old grandson.  She enjoys going to sporting events, reading and participating in aqua zumba. Dr. Dickey is passionate about NOCCS because she believes in the power of the school community to be an agent of positive social change, leading to a more equitable education for all students.            
David Bond — Operations and Enrollment Support
Originally hired in 2013 to run our capital campaign, David continues to support fundraising while expanding his role to include finances, budgeting, admissions, and communication. Since 1992, David has been employed in Bay Area schools as a teacher, division head, principal and admissions director, first at Archway School in Oakland and then at Windrush School in El Cerrito. He credits six summers working at North Country School / Camp Treetops in Lake Placid, NY with inspiring his career in progressive education. Originally from Cleveland, Ohio, David earned his B.A. in Fine Art from Yale University and his Teaching Credential from San Francisco State. He currently lives in Oakland, CA with his wife and three children, including two NOCCS graduates. He loves to sea-kayak, make home movies of his family's adventures, and challenges anyone to a game of table tennis!
 Yesenia Duarte — Front Office Coordinator            	
Mikal Hardy — Facilities Coordinator
Mr. Hardy joins NOCCS with over 10 years of experience in facility-related tasks. Born and raised in Oakland, Mikal graduated from McClymonds High School in 2008 and Laney College in 2011.
				        NOCCS Faculty and Staff
			LOWER SCHOOL, GRADES K-5						
Luctrica Lewis — K/1 Lead Teacher           	  
From the day she stepped into the building last summer for her interview and demonstration lesson, Ms. Lewis made a strong impression. A graduate of Stillman College (B.A. Journalism) and Union University (MA Education, cum laude), Ms. Lewis comes to NOCCS with six years of teaching experience, including in Memphis, TN and Xinzheng City, Henan Province in China! Luctrica has also served in a mayor's office program and on a Rotary Club board. An engaging and dedicated new addition to our staff, she looks forward to "inspiring, teaching, collaborating, serving and learning at NOCCS!"              
Lorin King — K/1 Lead Teacher            	
Lorin came to NOCCS in 2014 after working at Aspire Public Schools in Oakland. At Aspire, Lorin taught both 4/5th grade and Kindergarten. Prior to obtaining her teaching credential, Lorin worked in Brooklyn, NY as both a teaching artist and after school program manager. She holds a B.A. in Theater Arts with a Minor in Latin American Literature from U.C. Santa Cruz, a M.A. in Theater Education from Emerson College, and a M.A. in Education from the University of the Pacific. Lorin is fluent in Spanish and works as a Capoeira instructor in her spare time.                 
Alexander Mostafa — K/1 Teacher Intern            	
Nakachi Clark-Kasimu — 2/3 Lead Teacher            	
Therese Slade — 2/3 Instructional Assistant            	
Naborina Alonso — 2/3 Instructional Aide            	
Cori Belew — 4/5 Lead Teacher, Education Program Specialist            	
A passionate educator with over a decade of classroom teaching experience, Cori has participated in many professional development opportunities including Project GLAD, Fred Jones' behavior management, Responsive Classroom, and Understanding by Design curriculum planning. Cori graduated from UC Santa Cruz in 2003 and moved to Oakland shortly thereafter. She attended Mills College in 2005 to earn her teaching credential and returned to complete her Masters in Teaching in 2008. Growing up, Cori travelled throughout the United States and Western Europe with her parents and two younger brothers. She currently lives near Lake Merritt in Oakland, with her husband, two children and dog. She is a gardener, attempting to become a runner, and an avid canner, baker, and cook. Working at NOCCS brings together many of Cori's educational passions as well as her interests in growing as an educator.                
Jessica Shimamoto — 4/5 Lead Teacher            	
						UPPER SCHOOL, GRADES 6-8						
Christiana Hart — 6 Humanities Teacher
Annette de la Llana — 6/7/8 ELA & Social Studies Teacher (see bio above)
Roderick Stovall — 6/7/8 STEAM Teacher
Marcus Vincent — 6/7/8 Interim STEAM Co-Teacher
Dr. J. Victor McGuire — 6/7/8 Math Support Teacher
Dr. McGuire, Ph.D. has over 30 years of leadership-development experience in K-12 institutions, higher education, and the for-profit and nonprofit worlds. After receiving his doctorate from Colorado State University, he held a range of university professorships for over 20 years. A popular keynote speaker and presenter at national and international conferences, Dr. McGuire has delivered over 100 keynotes and seminars to audiences around the world. As a Certified Facilitator, he has worked to transform and accelerate the work culture of many organizations, and was awarded a summer Fulbright Scholarship to South Africa.              
Emily Wetzel — 6/7/8 Assistant Teacher
Moises Paraso, III — 6/7/8 Teacher Intern 
						ENRICHMENT SPECIALISTS						
Tammara Mercer — K–8 Visual Arts Teacher            	
Since 2013, Tammy has been a vital member of our staff, working in various positions including Assistant Teacher, Long-Term Substitute Teacher, and Extended Day Program Enrichment Coordinator.  She returns this year to bring new energy to our Integrated Arts Program. Tammy earned her BA in English Literature from Santa Clara University in 2001 and has previously taught and directed arts-integrated summer programs for Galileo. She lives in Oakland with her spouse, three children and dog. Her interests include writing, art and performing and recording music. Her favorite quote? "Dreams can become reality — as long as you don't sleep through them."                 
GET EMPOWERED — K–8 P.E. and Performing Arts            	
This year, we are partnering with 
Get Empowered
 to offer a rotating schedule of classes to our students in such areas as drumming, movement, dance and Capoeira. All classes are taught by professional artist-educators who excel not only in their chosen performing art but also in their ability to engage youth and connect their practice to children's personal growth and social development.                
						SPECIAL EDUCATION AND SUPPORT						
Christine Parker — K–8 Special Education Program Specialist and 6/7/8 STEAM Teacher              
Christine is thrilled to be returning to the NOCCS community this year and supporting the specialized learning of our K–8th grade students. She holds a BA in Psychology from The George Washington University and a Masters in Special Education from Loyola Marymount University. Christine completed her Masters Capstone on supporting the unique needs of English Language Learners with Specific Learning Disabilities and continues to study the growing research on supporting these students. Most recently, Christine taught a 7th grade mild/moderate Special Day Class at James Lick Middle School in San Francisco. Outside of NOCCS Christine can be found serving up pizza at her husband's restaurant, SPIN! Neapolitan Pizza, in Alameda, and then working off the gelato as an avid CrossFitter.			  
Kelly Middlebrook — School Psychologist              
In the past year we were very appreciative of the consulting services we received from Dr. Middlebrook and are excited for her to be joining our Special Education / Response to Intervention team part-time.			  
Colin Huff — Education Specialist              
Maggie O'Reilly — Occupational Therapist              
Charles Jones — Behavior Support Specialist              
Mr. Jones returns to NOCCS this Spring, to support students in conflict-resolution, peacemaking and restorative justice. Charles has worked throughout the Bay Area with youth from various backgrounds for many years, in settings as diverse as private schools and juvenile halls. He also has experience in creative writing, journalism and songwriting. In addition to being a former staff member, Charles is a parent to two current NOCCS students.			  
Fatinma Aikens — 2-5 Student Support Coordinator              
A native of Oakland, Ms. Aikens has worked with children for over 20 years, in diverse settings both in and outside of schools. She has earned degrees in graphic design and medical assisting, as well as multiple certificates in various biotechnology courses. Her passion is supporting children who struggle or find school to be challenging. She is honored to be working with our students, to lend a helping hand and to listen to them.			  
Malaika Dupree-Walker — 4-8 Instructional Aide              
						EXTENDED DAY PROGRAMS						
Kevin Newman — K/1 After School Program Instructor, Lunch and Recess Supervisor              
WELO (We Lead Ours) — Grades 2–8 After School Program              
NOCCS partners with 
We Lead Ours
 (WELO) to offer after school programming on-site from dismissal to 6 PM each school day. Established in 2010, WELO provides youth with education, sports, leadership, and community service enrichment opportunities. Activities include sports / outdoor play and arts and crafts, as well as supervised homework time. This is a fee-based option for families, with financial assistance available.             
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation