home
admissions
Overview
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
Extended Day Programs
Extended Day Programs (EDP)
To best serve our students and families, we offer several in-house programs and partner with a local community organization to provide the following extended day programs. Students enjoy the activities and like the consistency (staff, school classrooms and outdoor spaces). Working parents/guardians appreciate the ease and convenience of online sign-up, time/use options (full-time packages, "care cards", drop-in), monthly auto-pay and scan card sign-in/out.
These programs are fee-based, with costs in the $10–$12 per hour range. Families may apply for fee-assistance ranging from 50% to 90% of costs, with awards granted on the basis of free-/reduced-price lunch eligibility, statement of need / financial circumstances and supporting documentation (such as a tax statement or pay stub).
K–8 Before School
Located in the Atrium beginning at 7:30 AM daily, this NOCCS-run program is a welcoming way for children of any age to start their day. Breakfast is served for students who qualify for free or reduced-price meals. Families may pre-register or drop-in at any time.
K–1 After School
This program includes our popular Seedlings Class just for Kindergarten students from their 1:30 dismissal time until 3 PM; with options for K and 1st graders (dismissed at 3) to stay until 6 PM. It includes an afternoon snack and recess, as well as art and other enrichment activities.
Grades 2–8 After School
NOCCS partners with 
We Lead Ours
 (WELO) to offer after school programming on-site from dismissal to 6 PM each school day. Established in 2010, WELO provides youth with education, sports, leadership, and community service enrichment opportunities. Activities include sports / outdoor play, languages (such as Mandarin) and arts and crafts, as well as supervised homework time. 
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation