home
admissions
Overview
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
Educational Programs
Teaching For Understanding
The North Oakland Community  Charter School uses Teaching for Understanding, a teaching framework developed  by teachers and researchers at the Harvard Graduate School of Education,  including leading educators and cognitive psychologists such as Howard Gardner  and David Perkins.
In Teaching for Understanding  classrooms, teachers carefully design thought-provoking tasks that call on  students to demonstrate a deep understanding of important subject matter.  While not a prescribed curriculum, Teaching  for Understanding guides teachers in developing academically rigorous learning  units that require students to engage in higher order thinking about important  content matter in various disciplines.   Teaching for Understanding is not curricula or standards, rather it  supports our teachers in organizing California’s content standards into  coherent lessons and units of study.  
In Teaching for  Understanding, teachers begin planning by asking four key questions:
What topics are worth  understanding? 
What about these topics needs  to be understood? 
How can we foster  understanding? 
How can we tell what students  understand?
Next, teachers use this  inquiry to organize the curriculum around four key components:
Generative Topics:  These topics of exploration have multiple  connections to students’ interests and experiences and can be learned in a wide  variety of ways.  They are central to  the disciplines, draw on state standards, engaging to both students and  teachers, and build on previous topics.   The topic defines an area rich enough to support prolonged study, but  small enough to be explored in depth.   Among the questions teachers consider when choosing a topic are:  What the background knowledge and skills  students will need to develop and use in order to produce strong work? And,  what big ideas will students grapple with? Are those ideas important to know?
Understanding Goals: Statements or questions that express what is most important for students to  understand during a unit, project, or over a long duration such as school  year.  Projects are designed and planned  around the understanding goals.  These  goals are developed with state standards in mind—what student should understand  and be able to do when they have completed the unit.  Understanding goals include:
Content
      What knowledge, content,  facts, and concepts will students understand and be able to apply in new  situations?  Content, which is based the  California content standards, allows for the curriculum to be organized around  real-life problems and issues significant to both young people and adults. To  the extent possible, students use content and skills from many subject areas or  disciplines so they better grasp the possibilities for integrating disciplinary  skills and knowledge to solve real-life problems. 
          Skills and habits
      What skills and habits will  they practice and be able to do?  Skills  and habit include the following:      
View issues, problems, and questions from a variety of perspectives; 
Distinguish between fact and inference, and use facts to test theories; 
Justify and defend their ideas; 
Draw upon prior knowledge and creativity use what they know in new  situations; and 
Examine relationships between different ideas, people, concepts, and  phenomena, make connections, and understand cause and effect.
    Qualities of Character and  Community
      What qualities of character  and service to other wills students have practice and demonstrated as  individuals and groups?  Students will:    
Seek to understand other people’s ideas, and look at their own ideas from  other perspectives; 
Demonstrate compassion, caring, and service to other; 
Collaborate well with other and give and receive feedback and constructive  talk; and 
Resolve conflict constructively.
Performance understanding:  Activities and projects that both develop  and demonstrate students understanding of understanding goals by requiring them  to use and apply what they know in a unique context.  Learning in NOCCS classrooms is built around projects and lessons  that give students a compelling reason to learn and foster in-depth  understanding by asking students to do real work that is meaningful and  important.  Projects confront students  with real-world problems and dilemmas that require them to use the approaches,  tools, language, and standards of professionals.  Projects may include a series of smaller lessons or units,  usually culminating in a final product or performance that demonstrates what  they have learned. 
Ongoing assessment is the  process by which students get continual feedback about their performances of  understanding in order to improve them.   Assessment also provides feedback to teachers on the effectiveness of  instruction and curriculum design.  As  teacher and students reflect on student work and assess it, they refer to  understanding goals and California content standards and ask themselves if it  meets their expectations.  In ongoing  assessment, students know the standards and criteria for projects and lessons  before they begin.  Often teachers and students  create and revise them together. 
Multi-age Environment
Our K-5 classrooms are multi-aged learning environments.  Mixed-aged classrooms are a more natural grouping of students as opposed to a structured, single-graded program. It reflects the world outside the school walls.  Each classroom at NOCCS consists of students whose ages span two typical grade levels. We believe that students in a mixed-aged classroom develop leadership skills, nurturing behaviors, a greater sense of community, and are more accepting of individual differences.  In our multi-age classrooms, we de-emphasize competition, promote an atmosphere of collaboration, and promote a developmental view of children and their learning process.
By working together, students learn to appreciate their own unique talents and those of others.  Students become more comfortable in the roles of learner and mentor. Modeling of appropriate behaviors is a natural process that occurs between younger and older students.   Younger students imitate behaviors demonstrated by older students. Additionally, when an older student shows a younger student how to do a task, it introduces the concept to the younger student and allows the older student to practice the skill and develop nurturing behaviors. The wider range of ages and abilities in mixed-age groupings encourages greater cross-age interaction, whereby children naturally help and support each other.
NOCCS teachers also collaborate to design multiage interactions, both academic and social, throughout the week. One such activity is school-wide reading buddies.  Students are assigned a reading buddy for the period of a school year.  Reading buddies generally work together for 30 minutes weekly as well as participate in other community-building activities during annual events and school rituals such as the 100th day of school.  Other day-to-day activities, such as recess, lunch, and the After School Program  mix classes and ages. 
In our 6 – 8th grade program, student participate in graded core classes and are mixed into multi-age configurations for a variety of activities such as enrichments, advisory, and Wednesday Community Action Learning (CAL) days.  In addition, our older students provide leadership and mentoring for our younger students through a variety of programming ranging from peer-tutoring to buddy activities. 
"Looping" with Students
Researchers have found that students experience much greater success in schools structured to create close, sustained relationships among students and teachers.  NOCCS students "loop", spending two years with the same teacher in the K-5 program. Once a relationship has been established between child and teacher, the child feels more comfortable and is more likely to take risks and experience academic growth.  In addition, the looping relationship helps our teachers to get to know each student deeply, and thus to support each child to achieve the high expectations we set and pursue for each learner.  In our 6 – 8th grade program students are assigned an advisor, who works with the learner for his/her 6 – 8th grade career at NOCCS.  
K–5 Teaching for Understanding Curricular Units
Link to 2010 Blog
Link to 2011 Blog
6–8 Teaching for Understanding Curricular Units
Link to 2010 Blog
Link to 2011 Blog
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation