home
admissions
Overview
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
Core Curriculum
Language Arts
           NOCCS’  literacy curriculum centers on both the how of literacy—the skills and strategies necessary to competently navigate the  written words—and the why of  literacy—students are invited to become members of a literacy community that  supports students in finding meaning in what he or she is being asked to read  and write.            
While no  identical mix of instructional materials and strategies works for each student,  our curriculum emphasizes reading, writing, public speaking, note taking,  vocabulary, grammar, mechanics, language usage, and research throughout all the  disciplines. We believe that mastering these skills is vital for effective  communication throughout the life.   Strong and fluid communication skills provide the foundation for all  future learning and are necessary for one to become a successful and informed  citizen.  Reading and writing are social  action.  NOCCS students read and write  for authentic purposes.
NOCCS  teachers follow the guidelines for classroom instruction as set out by the  Foundation for Comprehensive Early Literacy Learning (CELL). CELL’s eight core  instructional strategies are a research-based framework for teaching to the  California English/Language Arts Content Standards, including concepts about  print, decoding and word recognition, phonemic awareness, comprehension,  structural features of texts, and vocabulary development.  
NOCCS  teachers use the Writer’s Workshop approach to teach writing conventions and  process. Spelling skills are addressed in all classrooms utilizing a  developmentally appropriate spelling program incorporating different  resources.  There is a school-wide  spelling inventory used to gauge the student’s understanding of phonological  patterns in words and guide instruction.
Writing readiness,  printing and cursive instruction is taught using the Handwriting Without Tears Program developed by an experienced  occupational therapist. The program utilizes a sequential method that makes  printing and cursive writing fun, while enabling students to master handwriting  skills fluently.  The  developmentally-appropriate program is taught one-on-one or in small groups by  an adult volunteer.  These brief  sessions usually last 5-10 minutes twice a week and are very effective. 
Mathematics 
        Mathematics  is a way of understanding the world. In our modern technological society, an  understanding of mathematics is an essential skill.  NOCCS’ mathematics curriculum reflects the need to prepare our  students to be critical thinkers in an ever-changing society.      
Instructional  emphasis is placed on understanding mathematics and its applications in  real-world contexts.  Students master  mathematical content by applying their knowledge of mathematical  problem-solving, processes, and reasoning to other disciplines.  The curriculum builds on the philosophy and  ideas proposed by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics and the  California State Content Standards.  
In our K-5  program we use the 
TERC:  Investigations  in Number, Space, and Data
 curriculum, as well as a number of high quality supplemental resources such as units of  study by renown math educators such as 
Marilyn Burns
 and 
Marcy Cook
.
In our 6 – 8  mathematics program we utilize the 
CGP mathematics curriculum
  as well as a number of additional math  resources such as units of study the 
Connected Mathematics program
.
Students in  need of additional support and acceleration in the area of mathematics  participate in our math squad, which provides small group (average 4:1)  tutoring and instruction in mastering basic mathematics operations, three days  per week, supervised by a credentialed teachers and implemented by our teaching  assistants.  The math squad utilizes the  
Do the Math intervention program
 designed by Marilyn Burns.
Science
      Science  Education is based on standards developed from the National Science Education  Standards and the California Science Standards.        
In all  classrooms, an emphasis is placed on developing curriculum utilizing the  
teaching for understanding
 framework  that emphasize an understanding the  nature and process of scientific investigation (observing, communicating,  comparing, organizing, relating, inferring, and applying) and experimentation  with strong connections to other disciplines.   Current scientific findings, ethical debates, issues related to global  ecology, and the environment are included to encourage connections between  science and the world.
NOCCS uses  the
 FOSS (Full Option Science System)  curriculum
 as a resource for many of  our science integrated units.  FOSS is a  research-based science curriculum for grades K–8 developed at the Lawrence Hall  of Science, University of California at Berkeley.  The program is aligned with the National Science Foundation  education standards and the California Science Content Standards in Life,  Earth, and Physical sciences, as well as the standards for Investigation and  Experimentation.  The overall goal of  the FOSS program is to develop a scientific literacy for students of all ages  and backgrounds.  The best way for  students to appreciate the scientific enterprise, learn important scientific  concepts, and develop the ability to think critically is to actively construct  ideas through their own inquiries, investigations, and analyses. The FOSS  program is a complete, modular program created to engage students in these  processes as they explore the natural world.   The curriculum provides all students with science experiences that are  appropriate to their stages of cognitive development.  These experiences serve as a foundation for more advanced ideas  that prepare students for life in an increasingly complex scientific and  technological world.
In addition  to resources from FOSS, our 6 – 8 grade program also utilizes the TfU  curriculum framework to create laboratory and inquiry-based units of study  focused on earth, life, and physical science.
Social Studies 
The NOCCS social studies curriculum calls on students to analyze, research, and interpret major geographical and historical events and their relationship to the contemporary world.  Teachers design units of study that are based on California Content Standards, and that address students’ interests and experiences.  
Students learn to distinguish fact from opinion; connect cause and effect; and examine history through a variety of perspectives and view-points by studying historical, economic, geographical, and social events and phenomenon. 
Units of study, developed using the 
teaching for understanding
 framework   also reach back in time to connect students with people whose stories and deeds build an appreciation of the continuity of human experience. 
In our 6th grade program we use the 
TCI Curriculum
 as a resource for many of our units of study .  In our 7th grade program we utilize the 
Glencoe Discovering Our Past: Medieval and Early Modern Times
 as a textbook resource in our curriculum.
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation