Flagstaff Junior Academy
Free Public Charter — Pre-K through 8th
Home
Children’s House
Elementary School
Middle School
Special Education
Before/After Care
Photo Gallery
Informational Video
Follow Us on Facebook
Snow Schedule
News & Announcements
Calendar/Events
Photo Gallery
Contact Us
Home
Children’s House
Elementary School
Middle School
Special Education
Before/After Care
Tax Donation Form
Calendar/Events
Contact Us
About FJA
Director’s Corner
Mission/Philosophy
The Montessori Approach
Experiential Learning
Watch an FJA Video to Learn More
Mindfulness
FJA Teacher of the Year Video
FJA Catalina Island Video
FJA Watershed Summer Camp
Employment at FJA
PBIS
Our School Report Card
Parent Resources
Summer Camp
Enrollment Application
Registration Paperwork
Enrollment Resources
AzMerit Information
Children’s House Information
Parent Involvement
Parent Teacher Group
McKinney-Vento Act.
Homeless Policy
Move On When Reading
Student Policies
FJA Family Business Directory
Expect More Arizona
Engrade
Arizona Department of Education YouTube Channel
Athletics
Mountain Biking Club
Faculty/Staff
Elementary Campus
Middle School Campus
District Staff
Contact Us
Governance
Board Application
Board Information
FJA Budget
FERPA
Board Members
link to engrade
donate to FJA
FJA
 > 
About FJA
 > Mission/Philosophy
Mission/Philosophy
FJA Mission
to foster an academic and exploratory experience that includes data-driven teaching practices, inclusive education, and individual guidance to the development of independence.
to foster an environment that promotes self-esteem and a desire for excellence as well as one that instills responsibility and community.
to foster an atmosphere that encourages parents and families to become part of their child’s school experience and education.
Well-Rounded Education
At FJA, we believe in a well-rounded education for each and every student. We believe that in many cases, it is impossible to predict which careers our students will pursue in the future. Our job is to keep as many doors open as possible, to provide applied learning experiences in as many fields as possible, and to maintain every student’s potential at the highest level possible throughout her/his years at FJA.
Extraordinary Faculty
FJA employs an extraordinary group of teachers and faculty members. Our teachers not only excel in their primary subject area, but share a wealth of life-experiences with students. Our faculty members strive to inspire students to improve academically, and also to grow as people. All of our faculty members successfully model the behavior and work-ethic that we hope for in our students.
Class Diversity
At FJA, we believe that it is important for students to be introduced to, and given the chance to excel in, as many subject areas as possible.
We offer all traditional middle school courses in:
Reading, Language Arts, Math, Science, Social Studies, and Physical Education.
We also offer specialized coursework in the following areas:
Spanish, Wellness (health/nutrition), Scientific Field Methods, Drama, Improvisation, Lives of Music, Studio Art, Set Design, Outdoors Preparedness/Orienteering, Yearbook, Debate, Mythology, Fossils of Northern Arizona, Organizational Skills, Study Hall, Strength and Awareness, True Lies (Literature/Writing), the Colorado Plateau, and more…
Our clubs and sports include:
Boys and Girls Basketball, Wrestling, Girls Volleyball, Cross-Country, Ultimate Frisbee, Student Council, Tea Club, Book Club, Recess Teambuilding, and Game Club.
Website development by 
FlagstaffConnection.com
 • Website design by 
MaryWilliamsDesign.com
 © 2014 All Rights Reserved.