Skip to main content
Lighthouse Academy
Login
Register
Main menu
Home
About
 »
Board of Directors
Learning Disability Eligibility
Careers
News
Contact Us
Community Partners
School Leadership
Campus
 »
Main
North
Waalkes
The Pier
St. John's
Eagle Village
Emergency Drills
School Transparency
Transparency Report
MI School Data Portal
Mission Statement
Creating hope through academic success in spite of life's storms.
Location
Lighthouse Academy locations:
	Main Campus:
	3330 36th St. SE
	Grand Rapids, MI 49512-2810
	(616) 949-2287
	North Campus:
	*County Youth Programs
	1260 Ekhart St. NE
	Grand Rapids, MI 49503-1372
	(616) 965-9700
Emergency Drill Log Sheets
Lighthouse Academy Brochure
To download your copy of the Lighthouse Academy Brochure, click 
HERE
.
You are here
Home
         			 		About Us        				
A New Paradigm of Learning 
Lighthouse Academy provides best-practice educational instruction, family support casework services, and clinical services to at-risk teens. The results? An innovative approach to education that is evidenced by:
		Solution-based, not problem-focused thinking
		Student-tailored curricula
		A holistic, individualized approach to goal-setting with each student
		Academic and personal guidance from a support team, including Master's level school social workers
Smaller is Better
Smaller class sizes allow for greater personalization. Students benefit from working at their own pace and also have the advantage of:
		A state-of-the-art computer lab
		 Experiential learning opportunities
		Guest speakers And we bring a heritage of mercy and compassion into the classroom
The Three R's -- Relationships, Rigor and Relevance
Students attending Lighhouse find a welcoming, non-intimidating setting where the hallmarks of relationships, rigor and relevance lead to success both in and out of school.
		We ensure RELATIONSHIPS. Daily coaching and mentoring foster strong, open dialogue between students and staff that promotes achievement and self-esteem.
		We ensure RIGOR. All students are given a challenging curriculum preparing them for college or employment.
		We ensure RELEVANCE. Students find greater success when coursework clearly relates to their life goals.
Our ultimate aim is to help students aspire to their greatest potential beyond receiving a high school diploma - whether in military service, apprenticeships, technical training or college.
Filling a Critical Void 
Approximately 1,000 Kent County youth are not attending school right now due to truancy, suspensions and expulsions. Once expelled, they often fall through the cracks. Most are too young to enter the work force, and many are already involved in substance abuse and/or crime. Research shows that 50% of these youth will be incarcerated within a year's time. As a charter school, Lighthouse has expanded its scope to meet the needs of other educationally at-risk youth - those who may be placed by the court, or as recommended by their special education plan.
To find out if your child is eligible for enrollment or to learn about volunteer opportunities, please call (616) 949-2287. 
The need to reach these youth is urgent. Lighthouse can make a difference in the future of our children, and the future of our community.
News
Special Meeting of the Board of Directors
Lighthouse Enrolling NOW for 2016-2017 
Special Board Meeting Oct 27th
Special Meeting of the Lighthouse Academy Board of Directors
More
Links
MI School Data Portal     
www.mischooldata.org
Power School Parent Portal
Annual Education Report
Click on the campus to read this year's annual education report.
District Report
Main
 - 
North
Waalkes
 - 
Haven
St. John's
 - 
Pier
Eagle Village
Click 
HERE
 to View the entire report on the MI School Data website or 
HERE
 to view the report as a PDF
Integrity Educational Services
All hiring for Lighthouse Academy is made through Integrity Educational Services - to view open positions and apply, visit 
www.integrityedservices.org
.
	P. (616) 949 - 2287  l   F. (616) 949-2379  l  3330 36th St. SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49512   l   
www.lighthouseacademyschool.org
Theme by 
Danetsoft
 and 
Danang Probo Sayekti
 inspired by 
Maksimer