About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Arts and Music
Asia Currie – Artist in Residence
Asia has studied at the American College in Paris, CSU Fullerton, and Orange Coast College with a focus on fine arts and child development. She began working in school art programs in 1991 and has been a part of NCSA since 1995. Her goal in working with young people is to inspire self-confidence, positive self-expression, and respect for oneself and the world.
Andrea Conte – Artist in Residence 
Andrea was born in Cordoba, Argentina and got her B.A. in Studio Art from the Universidad Nacional De Cordoba in 1998 as well as a degree in Graphic Design from the Colegio Nacional de Monserrat. After moving to the U.S. she graduated Summa Cum Laude at CSU Chico with a B.A. in Art Education in 2003. She received her teaching credential and a Master of Arts in Education from Chapman University in Sacramento in 2005. Andrea also taught at NCSA as one of our Artists in Residence from 2004 – 2005 and 2006-2007.
Faith McCloud – Artist in Residence
Faith has a Master of Divinity and studied Art as part of her undergraduate work at George Fox University.  She has developed a unique style of collage that is bold, intricate and colorful, and it is her medium of choice for her own artistic expression.  Before becoming an “Artist is Residence” at NCSA, she volunteered her time teaching art to students of all ages, while also managing all the other adventures life can throw at us.  She has two sons still in elementary school and her husband Shaun McCloud works at the Nevada County Courts in IT.  Although she got out of town for college, she was both raised in Nevada County and lives here still.  She is fascinated and in awe of humanities ability to create and is amazed to think about how art can inspire, transform, comfort or even convict.
Christine Nys – Artist in Residence and Arts Assistant
Christine brings an extensive arts background and a European flair to her role as Art Assistant at NCSA. Since 2007, she has been in charge of art material and supplies, assists art teachers in their lessons and projects, and regularly subs for art teachers. Additionally, Christine has been instrumental in creating the collaborative art concept that results in the class-based student art displayed each year at NCSA’s A Matter of Taste, has coordinated the publication of the school’s Yearbook, and has taught art both for Homestudy and Electives classes.
After receiving her Art Degree in Graphic Design and Typography from the Academie Royale de Bruxelles in Belgium, Christine worked for ten years with Penguin Books and other publishers in London. After a year spent exploring art traditions in Asia, she focused on ceramics, working as an apprentice potter for three years in Devon, England, and continued her art training at the Foothill Community College in Palo Alto, CA.
She is married to Gary Griffith, the 5th-grade teacher at NCSA. They have one daughter, who went to NCSA for 9 years and graduated in 2012.
Heather Grove – Music 
Heather has been the music director at NCSA since 2007.   Before coming to NCSA, Heather was piano teacher and choir accompanist for many years in Los Angeles, Sacramento, Bellingham, WA, Chicago, IL and Charlotte, NC.    She holds a B.A. in music from U.C.L.A., where she studied organ with Thomas Harmon, and did graduate work in musicology at the University of Chicago.   She has studied piano since the age of 5, and has played guitar since the age of 10.    She has also studied flute and is a self taught penny whistle, recorder and mandolin player.    Heather has sung with many choirs, and was fortunate to travel to Europe and Australia with her college choirs.    Aside from her classical training, she has been in several bands, including the duo, “Lorelei”, in Los Angeles who performed original material in clubs around town.   Most recently, she has been in a Celtic band, “The Waxies Dargle,” that performed on the main stage of the KVMR Celtic festival in Grass Valley, CA.    She was also a featured singer in a tribute to Joni Mitchell, and was part of a small gospel group in a tribute to Joe Cocker and Leon Russell.   She is married to Mark Grove who is a winemaker in El Dorado County.   Her daughter Laura graduated from NCSA in 2009, and her sons Noah and Ben currently attend NCSA
Gabriel Clark – Music
Gabriel began teaching music at NCSA in 2011. He instructs the lower grade flute and clarinet electives, 4th and 4/5 general music, as well as the upper grade intermediate/advanced guitar, wind ensemble, and stop motion electives. Before coming to NCSA, James began his musical career in upstate NY, where he grew up and attended college. He then moved to California at the age of 21 to serve for four years as the musical director in an elementary school in Vacaville, California, where he instructed bands, choirs, and orchestrated multi-class performances and musicals. He received his Bachelor’s of Music in Music Education from Ithaca College in Ithaca, NY where he studied classical/jazz trumpet, music theory, sight singing, vocal choir, instrumental conducting, brass & woodwind instrument playing and teaching techniques, general music pedagogy and performance.  Since then he has, also studied and taken classes within the Orff Schulwerk tradition. Gabriel has taught music, privately, for over 10 years and has performed in many musical groups including a vocal trio and djembe duo group from Ithaca, NY, a vocal trio in Sacramento, California, and has written his own music to perform in Sacramento and surrounding areas, with a duo called ‘Gabriel’s Landing’. Aside from music, Gabriel also has a background in Swedish and deep tissue massage therapy, other modalities of healing and health, and loves to create using all mediums of art. He currently resides in Nevada City where he teaches privately and performs whenever possible.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us