About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
FREE MONEY FOR NCSA
Where do you shop for Groceries? 				
Swipe your card at our local grocery stores and NCSA gets a percentage of your sale! It’s easy money for NCSA! NCSA earned over $10,500 last year just from parents going shopping for their groceries!
SPD—Fill out SPD form at school (or at SPD) and bring to SPD Market.  At the check-out counter ask them for an eScrip* card and give them your form.  They will provide you with a card that is already registered with eScrip*.
BriarPatch Community Market—Vouchers are available at school
. Use a BriarPatch voucher each time you check out.  Carry vouchers in your purse, your pocket
 and your car so you’re never without.
Save Mart—This is our signature charitable-giving program in which The Save Mart Companies donates up to 3% of enrolled shopper purchases to local schools and organizations. The Company is committed to giving $4.5 million annually. All shoppers have to do is sign up at
 www.escrip.com/shares
 and designate which non-profits or schools will receive up to 3% of their purchases at Save Mart, Lucky, FoodMaxx, S-Mart and Maxx Value stores.
eScrip—is a national resource for fundraising where participating business partners contribute a percentage of your grocery loyalty cards, credit card, and debit card purchases to the organization of your choice.  
www.escrip.com
 for more information and a complete list of participants.
Box Tops for Education—Get your kids involved in helping NCSA—clip the “Box Top For Education” coupon off of hundreds of grocery items and return to our collection at school.  We get a dime for every coupon we collect, and it adds up quickly.  Take a flyer from the atrium for a list of all products where you can find these coupons.
Shoparoo
 is school fundraising made easy! the free app turns pictures of your everyday shopping receipts into cash donations and sweepstakes entries for our school! Yes, it’s that simple. All you have to do is shop
 as you normally do, snap pictures of your receipts with the app, and voila Just shop, snap, earn! Read about how Shoparoo works on their website: 
www.shoparoo.com
Target Take Charge For Education
 If you have a Target card you can be doing this with no effort whatsoever!  All you have to do is sign NCSA up as your school and Target will donate a portion of your purchases back to our school. Beware that it is a credit card, but many people already have them, so if you use a Target card, sign up for us!
AmazonSmile is a simple and automatic way for you to support NCSA every time you shop, at no cost to you. When you shop at 
smile.amazon.com
, you’ll find the exact same low prices, vast selection and convenient shopping experience as Amazon.com, with the added bonus that Amazon will donate a portion of the purchase price to your favorite charitable organization. You can choose from nearly one million organizations to support.
To shop at AmazonSmile simply go to 
smile.amazon.com
 from the web browser on your computer or mobile device. You may also want to add a bookmark to 
smile.amazon.com
 to make it even easier to return and start your shopping at AmazonSmile.
Which products on AmazonSmile are eligible for charitable donations?
Tens of millions of products on AmazonSmile are eligible for donations. You will see eligible products marked “Eligible for AmazonSmile donation” on their product detail pages. Recurring Subscribe-and-Save purchases and subscription renewals are not currently eligible.
How to choose NCSA as your Organization to Support
On your first visit to AmazonSmile, you will be prompted to select a charitable organization to receive donations from eligible purchases before you begin shopping.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us