About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Cyber Strong verification
Cyberstrong Schools is designed to protect and empower your students while educating the whole family.
Often times parents don’t hear about cyber problems until they have escalated into big issues. It can be a challenge for parents to keep up with their kids’ digital lives (They didn’t have these same challenges growing-up) and as an administrator, it’s easy to feel overwhelmed with the task of keeping your students safe.
Cyberstrong Schools works because it includes parents.
What is Cyberstrong Schools?
Cyberstrong Schools is an online program parents and students (ages 9-14) take together. Students learn how to stay safe in today’s digital world while parents learn the best ways to protect and guide them. (And you have peace of mind that you have taken steps to protect your students.) 
www.cyberstrongkids.com
Cyberstrong Schools covers:
Understanding digital footprints
Protecting personal information
Understanding social media
Cyberbullying prevention (and the importance of saving the evidence)
Dealing with inappropriate information
Texting safety
Creating a positive digital reputation
Cyberstrong Schools is different from other programs.
Cyberstrong Schools is comprehensive, current, educational and empowering.
Families complete the program in the comfort of their own home, when it fits into their schedule.
Students learn to take control of their digital footprints and how to create a digital reputation they can be proud of.
Cyberstrong Schools is aligned with the Common Core: Parents are included. This is crucial. When parents understand their child’s digital world, and take an active role in their digital lives, they can help them make good choices and stay safe.
Help empower and protect your child today!
If you have completed the Cyberstrong class please fill out the verification form below.
Cyberstrong verification.
By signing the form below you are confirming that you and your child have completed the Cyberstrong cyber safety class.
Date
Parent Name
First
Last
Student Name
First
Last
Student Grade level
Signature
*
By Signing this form I agree that my child and I have completed the Cyber Strong class.
Save
Save
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us