About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Social & Emotional Learning
Social and Emotional Learning (SEL)
At NCSA we believe that the basis for a strong education comes first from strong character education.  Students thrive in small school communities whose philosophy is that students’ social and emotional learning (SEL) is just as important as their academic education.  Because we are a small school, we have developed a close-knit community which allows all adults the time to get to know every student individually, thereby meeting students’ emotional needs directly and quickly.  In addition, the School Director plays an integral role in
 all discipline issues and believes discipline should be handled on an 
individual basis rather than “one rule fits all.”
We adhere to two SEL curricula that emphasize open and clear communication, tolerance, non-violent communication and conflict resolution methods.  The SEL curricula we use at NCSA is based on the books Teaching Children to Care and the 5 Dimensions of Engaged Teaching program also know as Passageworks.
At the beginning of the year
 each main lesson teacher (K-5) is asked to re-teach the 5 lessons about the “Talk It Out,” from Classroom Conflict Resolution Training.  The process of conflict resolution is reinforced through class meetings and through the support of playground supervisors.
The K through 3 Program
The K-3 program focuses on building an emotional vocabulary so that the students are better equipped to express their feelings and needs, as well as recognizing emotional states in others in order to adapt interaction with them. Students begin using “I statements” and other positive communication techniques as a foundation for conflict resolution. They also learn to practice active listening while in academic and social situations. We use Teaching Children to Care as the basis for our model.
The 4 through 5 Program
The 4-5 program concentrates on effective conflict resolution using the skills of active and reflective listening following a brief period of calming or “cooling off”. Students also learn the process of identifying goals and considering the steps needed to attain them. By using critical thinking to project possible outcomes and using introspection to more accurately recognize feelings, active decision making is strengthened. Also included are strategies for managing strong emotions, and the role that feelings play in daily interactions. In addition, all classes participate in the Passageworks model of sitting in circle
 to address larger class and school issues.
The 6 through 8 Program
The 6-8 program recognizes these developmentally pivotal years as the time when the child starts to become truly autonomous. In middle school
 the SEL program focuses solely on Passageworks as a teacher facilitated peer council that addresses issues facing young adolescents today.
Teaching Children to Care
His definitive work about
 classroom management shows teachers how to turn their vision of respectful, friendly, academically rigorous classrooms into reality. It includes:
Setting priorities and expectations with children
Establishing classroom routines
Generating rules with students and using logical consequences
Working with families and staff to support the rules
Planning and conducting social conferences and class meetings
Avoiding power struggles
Choosing effective teacher language and tone
Helping children with challenging behavior problems
The 5 Dimensions of Engaged Teaching relies on the following 5 core values that should guide us all in our daily work with children.
Be observant of yourself and those around you.
Be present in the moment.
Create respectful boundaries
Develop emotional capacity
and Cultivate an open heart
Finally, we understand that no matter how hard we try to create a safe learning environment, sometimes students still experience problems.  Therefore we always encourage parents to communicate with the school when they feel their child is having a problem or needs extra support.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us