About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
AMOT Auction Items
 Matter of Taste, 
where the wine is robust, the food delicious, the items alluring and the party unparalleled.
For 20 years our community has gathered to celebrate and support the Nevada City School of the Arts comprehensive arts and environmental programs while at the same time enjoying a whimsical and elegant evening with friends.
We are currently gathering donations of items, services, recreational opportunities, and art, from the practical to the unconventional, to the fanciful! Click 
HERE
 to add your donation to the mix.
These Years Auction Items!
								AMOT Auction Items							
Great Condominium in Mammoth Lakes – Three days and two nights.
									Great Condominium in Mammoth Lakes – Three days and two nights.The condominium is in the Sunrise at Mammoth development located in the S ...								
Macallan 12
									Donated by: Robert Smail - Finaicial Adviser with Edward JonesDeliciously smooth, with rich dried fruits and sherry, balanced with woods ...								
One (1) Beginning Welding Class at The Curious Forge
Sacramento Kings Gift Bag
Autographed NBA Basketball
									NBA Basketball Autographed by Sacramento Kings Player Frank Mason								
4 Tickets to Sacramento Kings vs Boston Celtics Game
									Four (4) upper bowl Tickets to the Sacramento Kings vs Boston Celtics Game on Sunday, March 25th at 3pm								
Alasdair Fraser's CDs
$50 Gift Certificate to Caring Tree Children's Dentistry
Watercolor Brush and Paint Set & Watercolor Pad
T-shirt, Kalidescope, and Butterfly
Raleigh 20" Wheel Kids Bicycle Red, BMX Coaster Brake
T-shirt and Two (2) Open Gym Punch Cards
Fluorescent Pencils, Blank Book, Play Papers, Modeling Bees Wax
Needle Felting Kit-Elf
Sonicare for Kids Toothbrush
$25 Gift Certificate to Mountain Pastimes
Star Wars Skate Board
Jasmine Mochi Body Products
$75 Gift Certificate for a Haircut
									$75 Gift Certificate for One (1) Haircut and Deep Conditioning Treatment with Tomi								
DeDe Shampoo, Conditioner, Oil Non Oil
Ten Class Punch Card
									Ten (10) Class Punch Card for Center of Movement								
Fitbit Charge 2, Size Large
Spa Body Butter
									Spa Blends Botanicals Spa Body Butter 8oz Vanilla L'Orange								
Gift Certificate for Reflections Skin Oasis
Eminence Organic Facial
									One (1) Eminence Organic Facial with Darlene								
Arganesis Skin Oil
									Organic 100% Pure Cold Pressed								
reForm & reAlign Bodywork Session and Consultation
									Gift Certificate for reForm & reAlign Bodywork Session and Consultationhttp://foothillsfitness.com/reform/								
Initial Exam and Adjustment
									By Bock Chiropractic								
"Signs of Spring"
									"Signs of Spring" 20"x20" Acrylic Painting								
"Yuba Beauty"
									"Yuba Beauty" 15"x30" Acrylic Painting - Collaborative piece by 3rd graders and Samantha Jones								
"Morning Rooster" Oil on Canvas
									"Morning Rooster" Oil on Canvas								
"Macro Sunflower"
									"Macro Sunflower" Oil and Acrylic on Canvas								
Fairy Garden Artwork
"Birds" 24"x36" Framed Ink Drawings
"Dandy Lion Seeds" 4'x4'
Chimp Oil Painting 18x18 by Cori Norris
"Wheel of Peace" Mixed Media Art
"Northern Lights" Mixed Media Art
									"Northern Lights" 18"x24" Mixed Media Art								
"Floating Mandalas" 20"x28"
									"Floating Mandalas" 20"x28" Color Pencil and Construction Paper Mixed Media								
"The Great Mother Tree" 54"x54" Acrylic
Entertainment Booking with Matthew Mayavi, Mind Reader
									Mind Reading?Matthew is a mentalist - an ancient performing art that demonstrates the unbelievable powers of the mind.Is mind reading  ...								
Ginny Lenoir's Working with Soft Leather class
									Enjoy a spot in Ginny Lenoir's Working with Soft Leather class, you'll learn about leather, techniques and create a custom over the shoulder ...								
$100 gift certificate towards any Curious Forge workshop
									1 gift certificate for $100. this laser cut gift certificate is good towards any Forge workshop								
Glass marble with stand
									Borosilicate glass, vortex marble with custom glass stand.1 1/4” in diameter and way cool 
I will drop of piece on Monday 3-5-18 ...								
Beginning Genealogy Research Sessions
									NCSA parent Rachel Rein has over 20 years of experience researching genealogy and 15 years of experience with genealogical DNA testing. She  ...								
Handmade Pen and Letter Opener Set made with Bird's Eye Maple
									Handcrafted by local woodturner Nancy Fisher, this letter opener and pen are made with Bird's Eye Maple. This lovely set comes with a wooden ...								
Handmade Pen and Letter Opener Set made with Bethlehem Olive Wood
									Handcrafted by local woodturner Nancy Fisher, this letter opener and pen are made with genuine Bethlehem olive wood. Bethlehem olive wood is ...								
Handmade Bolt Action Pen with Rifle Clip and Carrying Case
									Handcrafted by local woodturner Nancy Fisher, this bolt action pen with rifle clip makes a great gift for a hunter or gun enthusiast. It com ...								
One hour naturopathic consultation for a child or adult
									Initial one hour naturopathic consultation for a child or adult.Jahwei Chen-Graf, B. Nat (SCU) is a naturopath, herbalist and holistic n ...								
Autographed Joan Osborne CD "The Songs of Bob Dylan"
									Joan signed this CD for NCSA when she played at the Center for the Arts. 								
Ultimate USDA Mangalitsa Pork Pack
									Ultimate USDA Mangalitsa Pork PackAll our pork is Heritage Breed, Non-GMO, Pasture Raised & NO AntibioticsThe Ultimate Pork Pack ...								
Gift basket/Tasting Party from the Olive Groove
									A Private Tasting Party for up to 10 people. You will get an education on extra virgin olive oils and aged balsamic vinegar, as well as tast ...								
100% All Natural Handmade Mangalitsa Soap & Candle Set of 8
									Cosmic Roots Ranch - Owner - Ellen Cole, handmakes 100% All Natural Mangalitsa Lard Soaps & Candles.The lard is home grown on the Ra ...								
Cuff Bracelet
									brass cuff bracelet with pink sapphires set in sterling silver								
Ceramic Vase with Turned Wood Base
									We are a husband/wife artist team working with wood and ceramics. This vase started out as a ceramic vase top, thrown on the wheel and decor ...								
Beautiful bamboo floor lamp
									This beautiful bamboo floor lamp can create a calm, peaceful mood for your office, healing studio, bedroom, or living room. It’s dimesions a ...								
Signed copy of Rash - A memoir by Lisa Kusel
									Published in September, 2017, this memoir was written by former Nevada City resident Lisa Kusel who, in 2008, convinced her husband Victor P ...								
2018 Roger Waters signed vinyl and more!
									2018 Roger Waters “is this the life we really want?” plus program for New Zealand/Australia 2018Joey Waronker used drumsticks (New Zealand ...								
Big Dipper Cabin - Kings Beach, CA
									2 Nights **No Holidays, Off season dates only- Sept, Oct, March 15th- May 31stStunning home w/ deck, lake view, hot tub - near skiing -  ...								
Botanical parfumes
									These botanical parfumes are volatile interpretations of the divine lovers Radha and Krishna from the hindu lore. The essential oils used in ...								
Necklace with Charm
Vintage Band Bracelet
Crochet Blanket
Shop Vac
Aurora Candle Warmer Lamp
18 Quart Roaster Oven
Tempur Cloud Queen Pillow
Four Falafel Sandwiches and Drink
									We are vending Nevada City Farmers every Saturday, June-November 2018, 8:30am-1pm. We serve organic, non GMO, freshly made falafel & sal ...								
Big A $10 Gift Certificate
Two Breakfasts at Humpty Dumpty Kitchen
$25 Gift Certificate
									$25 Gift Certificate to Old Town Café								
Two Pasties
									2 Marshall's Pasties.								
Festival Pass 17th Annual Wild & Scenic Film Festival
									One (1) Festival Pass 17th Annual Wild & Scenic Film Festival.Please contact the SYRCL office by December 15, 2018 to claim your pas ...								
Four Movie Passes to Sierra Theaters
									Restrictions: Redeem Sunday-Thursday at box office, Not valid Fridays, Saturdays, Holidays, Holiday Eves, or Pass restricted movies.								
2018 Draft Horse Classic Package
									Package includes one parking pass and four reserved seats to any one of the following performances: Thursday, September 20 at 6:30 pm; Frida ...								
2018 Nevada County Fair Package
									Four (4) one-day admission tickets to the Nevada County Fair, One (1) one-day parking pass to the Fair, Eight (8) single carnival ride ticke ...								
Handmade Hemp Fingerless Gloves and Purse
Catwalk Studio Light Brown Purse
One Float & One 30 Minute Sauna
									One (1) 60 Minute Float & One (1) 30 Minute Sauna by Revival Float & Wellness.								
Two (2) Bowen Therapy Sessions
									Provided by Cameron Martin.								
Poppy Painting
Oil Painting "Outcropping" By Jill Mahanna
									Value $400								
16'x36' Cold Frame Greenhouse
									Forever Flowering Greenhouses has generously donated a 16'x36' Cold Frame Greenhouse!Includes: Frame, Stubs, Arches, Center Purlin, Bracin ...								
Great West End Donner Lake Location for Kids and Dogs
									Cabin, 3 Bedrooms + Convertible bed, 2 Baths, (Sleeps 6-8)2 nights // No Holidays, unavailable June, early August.This 3 bedro ...								
Two Weekday Night Stay & One Month Membership
									Good for two weekday night stay, double occupancy and one month membership to Sierra Hot Springs								
Solatube including installation
									By Byers Leaf Guard								
Hand Stitched Quilt
									Hand Stitched Quilt meticulously constructed-American Traditional Design, 88" x 78", Soft green and white.								
Frame for Mirror or Painting
									1950's Wooden Frame to use with Mirror or Painting. 22 1/2" x 31 1/2", medium brown with fine black line detail.								
20 Gift Certificate
									20 Gift Certificate to Gourmet Gift Baskets.com								
South Fork Tile Trivet
Car Exterior Detail
									Restrictions: All prices are based on vehicles in average condition. Additional charges may apply								
One Week of Dog Sitting
									One (1) Week of Dog Sitting by Sandy Watson								
Six (6) Hours of House Cleaning
									Six (6) Hours of House Cleaning by Sandy Watson								
Garden Cast Iron Hooks
Le Creuset Tea Pot and Tea
Cheese Board Cucina
1 Bottle of Egg Nog
Two Sessions
									Gift certificate for 2 sessions at any of our 3 Tahoe Treetop Adventure Parks; Tahoe City, Tahoe Vista, or Squaw Valley.								
Two Admission Passes
									Two (2) Admission Passes to Turtle Bay exploration park								
KVMR Celtic Festival Passes
									Two (2) 1-Day 22nd Annual KVMR Celtic Festival Passes								
$1,000 Gift Certificate
									$1,000 towards a new orthodontic case with Jon J. Menig D.D.								
Initial Exam with Matt Archer
									Initial Exam with Matt Archer, Doctor of Chiropractic								
6 Month Membership to Anytime Fitness
La Croix Print
"Milky Way Rising" Framed Print
									Value $125								
3 Nights in Victor, Idaho
									3 Nights vacation rental home in Victor, Idaho.2 Bedroom, 1.5 bath, 2 story on 3 acres with 365 degree viewsThis is a very c ...								
House number sign
									ZAP Manufacturing house number sign gift certificate ($45 value)								
$25 Volz Bros. Certificate
									$25 Volz Bros. Certificate - good towards any auto service.								
Flower bouquet
									Fresh organic flower bouquet from Harmony Valley farm.								
5 Lbs Blackberry honey
									5 pounds of blackberry honey by Jim Gates.								
10 LBS Hamburger Meat + more
									10 pound pack of hamburger meat, 5 pounds of Steak, 5 pounds of hamburger from Nevada County Free Range Beef.								
One Bottle of Cirino's Bloody Mary Mix
									One Bottle of Cirino's Bloody Mary Mix								
$25 Gift Certificate
									Tofanelli's $25 Gift Certificate.								
$8 Gift Certificate
									Culture shock yogurt $8 gift certificate.								
One Week Veggie CSA
									Get a box of local veggies from Mountain Bounty Farm.								
2 Adult 4-day passes to Worldfest
									Passes include Camping pass. Worldfest is July 12-15th, 2018 at the Nevada County Fairgrounds.								
2 Tahoe Shakespeare Festival tickets
									Visit this wonderful Shakespeare festival in Tahoe.								
2 Oregon Shakespear Festival Tickets
									Enjoy a visit to Shakespear festival in Oregon.								
Malibu Wine Safari for Two
									Classic wine tasting meets a wild view on the Explorer Safari, where you'll enjoy the best of area wines and the amazing scenery and wildlif ...								
Admission for 4 to Sacramento Zoo
									Restrictions: Pass not valid with combo pass, other discounts or for special events. One time use for any combination of adults and children ...								
Yuba Love hat and sticker
									Local Yuba supporting hat.								
Yuba Love t-shirt and sticker
									Local Yuba love t-shirt.								
100% Wool Slippers from Nepal
									Colorful warm handmade slippers from Nepal.								
Blue cat bank
									Hand painted cat bank								
NCSA VIP Parking Spot
									Park at our VIP parking spot for the whole year. Worth $350.								
Fit Culture $119 Gift Certificate
									Use toward the purchase of any item at Fit Culture Studio.Restrictions: Must bring gift certificate for purchase.								
Handcrafted Santa figure
									Handcrafted Santa figure by local doll artist Nancy Fisher. Polymer clay head, hands, and feet, wire and batting body.								
Elyse the Elf
									Elyse the Elf is a handcrafted figurine by local doll artist Nancy Fisher. Elyse won third place at the 2017 California State Fair. She is m ...								
Sensory Weighted Blanket
									A sensory weighted blanket is designed to help calm, soothe and relax children with ADD, chronic anxiety, sleep disorders, and autism. It is ...								
$100 gift card to THE ONYX.
									Nevada City’s beloved Magic Theatre has metamorphosed into a wonderful new cinema experience known as THE ONYX. We’ve expanded to two screen ...								
4 Disney Park hopper Tickets!
									4 Disney Park Hopper Tickets!!								
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us