About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Raven Wolf Afterschool program
						 Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment						
Welcome to NCSA’s Raven Wolf Afterschool program! Designed to continue the arts-based education and rich philosophy of NCSA during after-school hours, Raven Wolf Afterschool is a great after school care option for your child.
Located at upper campus between the art and movement room, Raven Wolf Afterschool provides a safe, familiar, and convenient place where students can play,  create and explore after their school day has come to an end. NCSA staff will pick your child up at their dismissal time and provide them with abundant activities and community until pick-up, whether that be an hour after dismissal or until 5:30 in the evening- You decide!
Exploratory art, sensory exploration, building, drama, tutoring, imaginative play, science experiments, movement, and cooperative games are just a few of the rich and engaging activities that your child may enjoy while at Magic Forest. The younger students will be busy swimming in new materials and experiences each and every day, while the older students will delve into their interests and identity as the unique and adept artists that they are.
Raven Wolf Afterschool is…
Open to NCSA students, from Transitional Kindergarten through 8th grade.
Available Monday-Thursday, 12:30-5:30 (except for school holidays, in-service days or conference days)
Offered by the hour at $6/hr
Individualized for your scheduling needs. Want to enroll your child every day for the whole time? Or perhaps they want to attend for a couple hours a week? Or maybe just one time for those unexpected circumstances that tend to visit us every now and then.
For your child to attend Raven Wolf Afterschool you need to…
Fill out the on-line registration form 
REGISTER NOW
Sign your kid(s) up prior to their dismissal time for the day. This can be done in their classroom or by calling the office.
Read both forms linked below.. and sign
      Raven Wolf Afterschool policy | 
View
      Raven Wolf Afterschool late payment policy | 
View
For further information or questions, contact Molly @ 273-7736 x319 or by email: 
magic.forest@ncsota.org
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us