About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Artistic Showcase
At the end of each semester our middle school students come together to share their artistic endeavors in the visual and performing arts with their families and the community at large.  Drama, dance and music teachers work with their classes to prepare finished pieces for the evening performance. Visual art teachers prepare work gathered from their students for hanging in the art exhibit that coincides with the performance.  Students are also allowed to audition work they create outside of school: this could be a dance with original choreography, a small ‘band’ playing an original song, a poem, or monologue.  Auditions are held a few weeks before the performance.  Those that qualify are included in the January Showcase; the performance at the end of the year is reserved exclusively for work created in school.
The art exhibit and performance are scheduled at a local downtown performing arts venue which gives the students the experience of performing ‘under the lights’ with high quality technical support.  Several students are trained as the backstage crew and are responsible for working with adult Sound and Light technicians to make sure the performance flows smoothly.  The venue’s lobby is a large gallery for rotating art shows. Our school’s art exhibit is usually up for two to three weeks coinciding with our performance.  These events are highly motivating and exciting for our students and are one of the highlights of the school year.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us