Toggle navigation        
Home
About Us 
About Us
Our Founders
Board
Board Minutes
Board Meeting Schedule
Family Information 
Parent/Guardian Info
Student Life
SLACS Code of Conduct
Breakfast & Lunch Program
Child Find Policy
Wellness Policy
Homeless Policy
Events
Our Team 
Staff Directory
Working at SLA
SLA in the News
Contact
Southwest Leadership Academy
STUDENT
life
Student Expectations
We expect our students to adhere to the student code of conduct as 
outlined in the student handbook
.
SLA Merit Policy
In order to create and maintain a strong and cooperative school community, SLACS has defined clear behavioral expectations. We stress positive recognition of appropriate behavior and consequences for inappropriate behavior. We have the highest of expectations for our scholars. Respectful behavior toward classmates and members of the school community will earn praise and rewards. Inappropriate and undesired actions will be met with serious consequences. Our rules and regulations are meant to govern the behavior of all members of the school community. Teachers and administrators will set the standards for our scholars in the classroom, hallways, and community areas such as lunch room and playground areas. Scholars that violate the expectations may receive detentions, referrals for counseling, suspensions or recommendation for expulsion. All violations to the Code of Conduct are recorded in Dean’sList©, an online database for tracking behavior and communication.
Events
Nov 6th, 2017
Volunteers Needed!
 - Volunteers Needed We need volunteers to help...                    
more
Latest News
Today's Weather
			[wp-simpleweather]				
May
7
UNIFORM
policy
Scholars must wear their complete uniforms every school day unless otherwise stated by the teacher or the administration. They will also dress in uniform for all school programs and field trips unless otherwise specified. Female scholars are not to wear earrings larger than a quarter or bangle bracelets. Male scholars are not permitted to wear earrings at all.  Scholars are also not to wear or carry purses during the school day. Scholars are not permitted to wear shorts. Although, we do not believe that having a uniform is necessary for academic success, we believe that requiring uniforms is beneficial to the school atmosphere in its commitment to order.
STUDENT
activities
At Southwest Leadership Academy Charter School, we believe in educating the whole child. To that extent, we provide a colorful array of activities for our students to participate in. This allows for them to have the opportunity to learn in a variety of modalities and settings.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Previous
Next
Special Events
College Tour in New Jersey
College Tour of Philadelphia Schools
High School Fair
Weeklong Atlanta Leadership Expedition
College Tour in DC and Baltimore
Poetry Slam
Career Day
Dr. Seuss Day
Traveling Teams
Boys Basketball
Track
Robotics
Academic Team
Step Team
School-wide Activities
TIGERS Reading Club
Spanish ClubArt Club
Intramural Basketball
Tutoring
Junior Honor Society
Drama
Choir
Enroll your child today!
SLACS makes it easy and convenient to apply for enrollment. Simply click the button below to launch the application to begin the process.
LAUNCH
ENROLLMENT
APPLICATION
Southwest Leadership Academy
(215)729-1939
7101 Paschall Ave. Philadelphia, PA 19142
Share
Twitter
Hide Tweet (admin)
Add this ID to the plugin's Hide Specific Tweets setting: 