Toggle navigation        
Home
About Us 
About Us
Our Founders
Board
Board Minutes
Board Meeting Schedule
Family Information 
Parent/Guardian Info
Student Life
SLACS Code of Conduct
Breakfast & Lunch Program
Child Find Policy
Wellness Policy
Homeless Policy
Events
Our Team 
Staff Directory
Working at SLA
SLA in the News
Contact
Southwest Leadership Academy
    Working at SLA  
WHO WE ARE
Southwest Leadership Academy Charter School
 (SLA) was founded to address the need for community access to exceptional, leadership based education in the heart of southwest Philadelphia.  Currently, 
Southwest Leadership Academy Charter School
 supports just under 500 students in grades K-8 in single gender classrooms, leveraging research from the world- renowned 
Gurian Institute
 around socio-emotional learning and differentiation between the sexes, fueling growth, leadership and engagement for all students. Classrooms in grades K-2 are supported by two educators from the SLA team – a lead teacher as well as a co-teacher, translating to more 1:1 student/teacher instructional time as well as increased opportunities for differentiated instruction for students.
WHAT WE BELIEVE
At SLA, we believe that every child:
Is a developing leader waiting to be fostered.
Is capable of high academic achievement.
Can positively impact and contribute to the school and community.
Needs a positive and hopeful definition of reality in order to succeed
We understand the importance of a collaborative learning environment between teachers, parents, and school staff in setting up every child’s educational success.
OUR COMMITMENT
SLA is committed to building a talented and committed cadre of teachers charged with the skills to develop leaders by empowering students to change the factors that define their reality. Our staff will work with students to develop the leadership skills necessary to drive complete community rejuvenation in Southwest Philadelphia. In developing these skills, students will cultivate an array of leadership components that they can apply to community change on a global scale.
WHAT TO EXPECT – Teacher & Co-Teacher Application Process 
SLA values transparency and we understand that the application process can sometimes be confusing.  Take a look below for additional details on our hiring process and FAQs to support you.
Application
Online Application & Materials
You can begin your application online (we are no longer accepting paper applications). You will get a chance to read all job descriptions there, and submit applications to any positions for which you qualify.
You will need to submit a resume, cover letter, undergraduate (and graduate, should that apply to you) transcripts, PRAXIS exam results, sample lesson plan, certifications and answer additional essay questions. While you can review all of the application requirements (e.g. certification, transcripts, etc.) you will not be able to save your application. We suggest reviewing the application first, gathering the information you need to complete you application and then come back to complete your submission in one sitting.
One you have submitted your application, you will get an email letting you know that we’ve received your application. If any information is missing or incomplete, we will reach out to you via email to request it. If your experience aligns to what we are looking for in our teacher or co-teacher roles a member of the SLA Hiring Team will be in touch with an invitation to our walkthrough process.
Walkthrough
Candidates invited to this stage of the selection process will have the opportunity to review videos of teacher practice, and using a walkthrough viewing guide share with us your insights and recommendations. Candidates will seven (7) days from the date that they receive the walk-through materials to complete the task.
Teacher & Co-Teacher Candidate Pool
Candidates who pass the walkthrough stage are invited to the Teacher and Co-Teacher Candidate Pool for SY 18-19.  Any future teaching roles with Southwest Leadership Academy will be drawn from this pool of educators. As vacancies appear that are a fit for a candidate’s classroom expertise and certification, a member of the SLA Hiring Team will be in touch to invite them to an in-person interview and demonstration lesson.
Demonstration Lesson & In-Person Interview
This is the final stage of our hiring process which will afford candidate’s the opportunity to share their teaching skills with team of seasoned educators as well as have the chance to connect with staff at SLA during the in-person interview. Demonstration lessons will be done (whenever possible) in front of SLA students with members of our interview panel present.
Reference Checks
For candidates that SLA would like to potentially extend an offer to, we will ask as part of the demonstration lesson and in-person interview follow up that candidates share out three (3) professional references. In doing so, we will share a questionnaire with you that will ask you to share your references names; email addresses, and phone numbers as well as explains how they know you. One of your professional references should be your current or most recent manager.
QUESTIONS ? ASK A RECRUITER!
Should you have questions before or after your application, please don’t hesitate to reach out.  Our recruiters are here to support you!  Please send us a note at teach@slacs-phila.org.
FAQ
Application
How long does the selection process take from start to finish during peak hiring season?
We anticipate that to move through the 5 hiring stages of the SLA selection process (application, pre-screening, walkthrough, candidate pool and demonstration lesson/in-person interview) during peak season (e.g. February through June) would take anywhere between 4-6 weeks at most. Keep in mind that those candidates who make it into the SLA Teacher Candidate Pool for SY 18-19 may stay in the pool stage longer than 4 weeks based on the need and availability of positions for which the candidate is certified to teach.
What is the difference between a teacher and co-teacher? Which role should I apply to?
At SLA we see teaching as an evolutionary process that promotes continual growth and learning.  To that end, we see co-teachers are early educators with less than two and in some cases three years of experience, who may not be familiar with working with students in urban settings and or are looking to hone and develop their practice in a classroom with a lead or master teacher by their side. Co-teacher support students in grades K-2 and may or may not be fully certified.
Lead teachers (e.g. teachers) are those educators who have had experience in the classroom, particularly in urban settings, have more than 3 years of experience ideally and hold a standard teaching certificate in the state of Pennsylvania. Lead teachers support students in all grades at SLA.
What content areas are you looking for lead teachers in SY-18?
For this school year we have opportunities that include Music, Gym, Art, and Technology for specialty areas.  In grades K-4, we need both lead elementary teachers as well as co-teachers for grades K-2.  We will also need upper level content area teachers in Math, Science and Social Studies for grade 4-8.
What are the requirements to be a teacher at SLA? What about a co-teacher? 
We believe that Lead Teacher & Specialty Area Teachers are/have:
Serve as lead instructors supporting SLA’s educational goals and objectives by focusing on high standards and achievement for all students, including those who are ELL and/or receive special education services.
Deep instructional knowledge, seeks ongoing professional growth opportunities, and has an unwavering belief that all students can achieve at high levels regardless of background.
Early career teachers (3-5 year of experience) or teacher leaders with more than 5 years of experience working in urban school settings.
We believe that Co-Teachers are/have:
Instrumental in providing daily reinforcement activities to improve students’ mastery of key skills under the direction of the lead teacher.
The opportunity to develop and hone instructional techniques with the support of an experience lead teacher.
An unwavering belief that all students can achieve at high levels regardless of background.
1-3 years of work/teaching experience and/or are career changers with experience or interest in teaching in an urban school setting.
For both roles, SLA requires legal authorization to work in the United States in order to apply for a teaching or co-teaching position with us for SY18-19. Candidates must hold a bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution and have proof of certification or impending certification from the state of Pennsylvania.  Upon hire, we also require candidates to have completed and obtained clearances for the required Pennsylvania criminal history and background checks.
I am having trouble with my online application. What do I do?
If you have trouble submitting your application, please try these troubleshooting tips:
Use up-to-date versions of Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari. Those versions include:
Internet Explorer 11 or Edge
Mozilla Firefox (
Newest Version
)
Google Chrome (
Newest Version
)
Safari (
Newest Version
)
Our job board is mobile-friendly, and is fully functional on tablets (e.g. iPads) and phones. You can also apply to our open positions directly from LinkedIn or Indeed.
Submit attachments as PDF files rather than Word Files.
Answer ALL required questions when submitting your application. Required questions have a red asterisk next to them.
Look for a confirmation message. When you submit your application, you will receive an email confirming that your application was submitted. If you do not see this email, please email teach@slacs-phila.org for support
If you have other technical questions about your application, email teach@slacs-phila.organd include a detailed description of your issue.  Screen shots are always helpful!
Can I reapply if I am not offered an interview/position?
For non-instructional positions, you may apply to new positions. For teaching positions, your application materials and status will be retained for the full school year. You can begin reapplying when the next school year application opens, which is typically in October.
Will SLA provide me with feedback if I am not selected for an interview?
SLCAS’s selection process has become increasingly competitive over the years. We promise each candidate a thorough competency-based review all application documents before making a decision to move a candidate to our walkthrough phase, including transcripts, resume, cover letter, previous work experience and essay responses to determine whether your application matches our rigorous selection criteria. Given the volume of candidates who apply with us, we are unable to provide individualized feedback to candidates who do not move through the screening phase at this time.
end
Southwest Leadership Academy
(215)729-1939
7101 Paschall Ave. Philadelphia, PA 19142
Share
Twitter
Hide Tweet (admin)
Add this ID to the plugin's Hide Specific Tweets setting: 