Skip to Main Content
District Home
Select a School...
Select a School
Abbottston Elementary
Academy for College and Career Exploration
Accelerator Program
Alexander Hamilton Elementary School
Arlington Elem/Middle
Armistead Gardens School
Arundel Elementary/Middle
Augusta Fells Savage Institute of Visual Arts High
Baltimore International Academy Elementary/Middle
Baltimore IT Academy
Banneker Blake Academy for Arts and Sciences
Barclay Elementary/Middle: A University Assisted Community School
Bay-Brook Elementary/ Middle School
Beechfield Elementary/Middle School
Belmont Elementary
Benjamin Franklin High School at Masonville Cove
Bluford Drew Jemison STEM Academy West
Booker T. Washington Middle School for the Arts
Brehms Lane Elementary
Callaway Elementary
Calverton Elementary/Middle
Calvin M. Rodwell Elementary
Career Academy
Carver Vocational-Technical High
Cecil Elementary
Charles Carroll Barrister Elementary
City Schools Inside
City Springs School
Claremont High School
Coldstream Park Elementary Middle School
Collington Square Elem/Middle
Cross Country Elem/Middle
Curtis Bay Elem/Middle
Dallas F. Nicholas Sr. Elementary
Dickey Hill Elementary/Middle
Digital Harbor High School
Dorothy I. Height Elementary
Dr. Bernard Harris, Sr. Elementary
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Elem/ Middle
Dr. Nathan A. Pitts-Ashburton Elementary/Middle School
Eager Street Academy
Edgecombe Circle Elementary School
Edgewood Elementary
Elementary/Middle
Elmer A. Henderson: A Johns Hopkins Partnership School
Empowerment Academy Elem/Middle
Eutaw-Marshburn Elementary
Excel Academy @ Francis M. Wood High School
Fallstaff Elementary Middle
Federal Hill Preparatory
Forest Park Senior High
Fort Worthington Elementary Middle School
Francis Scott Key Elementary/Middle
Frederick Elementary School
Freesite231
Friendship Academy at Cherry Hill
Friendship Academy of Engineering & Technology Mid
Furley Elementary
Gardenville Elementary
George W. F. McMechen High School
George Washington Elementary
Gilmor Elementary
Glenmount Elementary/Middle
Govans Elementary
Graceland Park-O'Donnell Heights Elem/Middle
Great Kids Farm
Grove Park Elem/Middle
Guilford Elementary/Middle
Hamilton Elementary/Middle School
Hampden Elementary/Middle
Hampstead Hill Academy Elementary/Middle
Harlem Park Elementary/Middle
Hazelwood Elem/Middle
Heritage Early Learning Center
Highlandtown Elem/Middle
Highlandtown Elementary/Middle #215
Hilton Elementary
Holabird Academy (Elementary/Middle)
Home and Hospital Program
Independence School Local I High
James McHenry Elementary Middle School
James Mosher Elementary
John Ruhrah Elem/Middle
Johnston Square Elementary School
Joseph C. Briscoe Academy
KASA Middle/High
Lakeland Elementary/Middle
Lakewood Elementary
Leith Walk Elementary/Middle
Lockerman Bundy Elementary
Lois T. Murray Elem/Middle
Lyndhurst Elementary Middle School
Maree G. Farring Elementary/Middle- A Title I School
Margaret Brent Elementary/Middle
Mary Ann Winterling Elementary
Mary E. Rodman Elementary
Matthew A. Henson Elementary
Medfield Heights Elementary
Middle Alternative Program @ Lombard
Montebello Elementary/Middle
Moravia Park Elementary School
Morrell Park Elementary/Middle
National Academy Foundation
New Era Academy High School
New Song Academy Elem/Middle
North Bend Elementary Middle School
Northwestern High School
Northwood Elementary
Patterson High
Paul Laurence Dunbar High
Paul Laurence Dunbar Middle
Pimlico Elementary/Middle
Robert W. Coleman Elementary
Rognel Heights Elementary/Middle
Roland Park Elementary/Middle
Rosemont Elem/Middle
Samuel F. B. Morse Elementary
Sarah M. Roach Elementary
Sinclair Lane Elementary
Steuart Hill Academic Academy
Success Academy Program
Tench Tilghman Elementary/Middle
testSite
The Green School Elementary
Frederick Douglass High School
The Historic Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Elementary
The Midtown Academy
The Reach Middle/High
The Stadium School
Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Johnson Elementary Middle School
Vanguard Collegiate Middle School
Violetville Elementary/Middle
Vivien T. Thomas Medical Arts Academy
Walter P. Carter Elem/Middle
Waverly Elementary/Middle
Westport Academy Elementary/Middle
William Paca Elementary
William Pinderhughes Elementary
William S. Baer School
Windsor Hills Elem/Middle School
Woodhome Elementary/Middle
Yorkwood Elementary
Youth Opportunity Academy
Achievement Academy at Harbor City High School
Sign In
Register
Community Partners
Page Navigation
Community Resources
Community Resources
City Springs works with a variety of partners to meet the diverse educational and emotional needs of our students. See the alphabetical list below for information on current partners. Also visit our 
afterschool program page
 for a list of partners that providing out-of-school time programming.
Art with a Heart
Art with a Heart
 brings interactive visual arts classes into schools, community centers, group homes, shelters, permanent housing facilities, hospitals, and senior housing facilities. Founded in 2000, Art with a Heart has experienced steady growth, from four small classes a week to 11,000 annually, with a proven track record for developing creative initiatives and accessible paths to success for individuals living in Baltimore’s most vulnerable communities. Art with a Heart currently offers art classes to City Springs students, pre-kindergarten through 8th grade.
The Baltimore Museum of Art
The Baltimore Museum of Art
 (BMA) is a major cultural destination recognized for engaging diverse audiences through dynamic exhibitions and innovative educational and community outreach programs. The BMA offers a program on art, mindfulness, and peacebuilding for fifth grade students at City Springs in collaboration with Beyond Conflict and Holistic Life Foundation. Throughout the six-week program, students learn mindfulness practices, explore artworks that tell important stories of peace and conflict, discover stories of peaceful conflict resolution, and create artworks that express ideas of peace and inclusion. 
Big Brothers Big Sisters of America
Big Brothers Big Sisters
 (BBBS) is a mentoring program that makes meaningful, monitored matches between adult volunteers (“Bigs”) and children (“Littles”), ages 6 through 18. Students develop positive relationships that have a direct and lasting effect on their lives. Bigs and Littles meet up at City Springs once a week to eat lunch together, play games, and share their lives.
Child First
Child First Authority
’s mission is to develop youth by strengthening and reforming schools. Child First Authority is committed to closing the opportunity gap for children in Baltimore City by providing high quality after school and in-school programs.
City Springs is a community school, which means we provide additional supports that address the needs of students, their families, and their communities. Child First enhances our ability to operate as a community school by providing an on-site Community School Coordinators, making the school a hub of the community. Mr. Ahmad Collick is our Community School Coordinator. You can contact him via phone at 410-396-9165 or via email at 
acollick@childfirstauthority.org
.
We are very happy have an after school program this year at City Springs operated by Child First Authority through a grant provided by the Family League of Baltimore. Please make sure you sign your child up early because a limited number of slots are available. This afterschool program serves grades Kindergarten-5th.
Expanded School Mental Health Program
This program sponsored by 
Behavioral Health System Baltimore
 seeks to implement a comprehensive system of services for children and adolescents with or at risk for developing, behavioral and emotional problems. The school-based program was built on a program initiated in 1991 by BCPSS and the City Health Department, which created funding mechanisms to place mental health clinicians in the schools.
The priorities of the program are:
Provide direct and indirect services to reduce the impact of mental health
Problems on school performance and attendance.
Coordinate and supplement existing resources for children and their families.
Build the capacity of systems to meet children’s mental health needs.
Provide a consulting resource for teachers and other school personnel.
Families interested in receiving services from the school-based clinician at City Springs should call (410) 396-9168.
Experience Corps
AARP Foundation Experience Corps
 is an intergenerational volunteer-based tutoring program that is proven to help children who aren’t reading at grade level become great readers by the end of third grade. We inspire and empower adults 50 and older to serve in their community and disrupt the cycle of poverty by making a lasting difference in the lives of America’s most vulnerable children. The program places older adult volunteers in public elementary schools, training them to help meet the most important needs identified by principal and teachers. Experience Corps members place a special focus on helping City Springs improve student attendance and reading fluency and comprehension. We are grateful to have Exeperience Corps members as a part of our school community!
Heroes on the Half Shell
Heroes on the Half Shell brings together volunteers from the Maryland Bar Association and the Oyster Recovery Partnership to offer school-based programs where students learn about the importance of keeping the Chesapeake Bay clean. Students explore how pollutants and trash can destroy the water of the Chesapeake Bay and discover the importance of oysters in keeping our waters clean. Students also participate in 
oyster shell recycling
, working with local seafood restaurants to return empty oyster shells back to the Bay to help rebuild oyster reefs.
Holistic Life Foundation
Holistic Life Foundation
 is a Baltimore-based nonprofit organization committed to nurturing the wellness of children and adults in underserved communities. Through a comprehensive approach which helps children develop their inner lives through yoga, mindfulness, and self-care, HLF demonstrates deep commitment to learning, community, and stewardship of the environment. At City Springs, HLF provides a mindfulness room where students practice breathing and meditation techniques. HLF also facilitates breathing breaks for classes throughout the day and teaches students to lead their classmates in daily breathing exercises.
​Johns Hopkins University’s Adopt-a-Class
Johns Hopkins University sponsors an 
Adopt-A-Class/Career Day Program
 to introduce fourth graders at three local elementary schools to hospital careers and to expand their knowledge of career choices in general. Staff and faculty from different JHU departments are assigned to a 4th grade classroom at City Springs. Once a month from October through March, the teams visit the same classroom and deliver a one-hour presentation on healthcare-related topics and careers like surgery, nursing, and primary care.
Johns Hopkins University’s City Springs Science Outreach Project
Johns Hopkins University also sponsors the 
City Springs Science Outreach Project
 (CSSOP), a program designed to bridge Johns Hopkins faculty and students with the East Baltimore community through the presentation of monthly science outreach sessions at public schools. Monthly, hour-long science sessions are taught by Department of Geography and Environmental Engineering faculty about basic science principles, such as water tension and electricity, through simple and lively experiments and demonstrations. CSSOP has been partnering with City Springs since 2009, and serves several of our 5th grade classrooms.
Living Classrooms Foundation
Living Classrooms Foundation
 strengthens communities and inspires young people to achieve their potential through hands-on education and job training using urban, natural, and maritime resources as "living classrooms." The Foundation currently sponsors two afterschool programs that serve the City Springs community: the 
Under Armour House at Fayette
 and the 
POWER House Community Center
. For our more information on these and other afterschool programs, 
click here
.
Living Laboratory: What Lives in the Harbor
The National Aquarium’s 
Living Laboratory: What Lives in Your Harbor
 program brings middle schoolers from Baltimore City schools to help with citizen science projects. Students learn about the Inner Harbor's environmental health and better understand the Chesapeake Bay watershed. This project strives to encourage students to pursue science careers while making them aware of how their actions can affect the watershed.
NewFit Kids
NEWfit Kids
 (NFK) offers programming based on holistic wellness through various, workshops, classes, summer camps and sports leagues. TEAMtime is a school-based program offered by NFK that offers structured recess game stations, free play activities, and organized game play for elementary & middle school students. NFK’s TEAMtime program offers daily indoor and outdoor activities for students in grades pre-kindergarten through 8th grade.
Parent-Teacher Organization
The Parent-Teacher Organization (PTO) was established to bridge the communication gap between the school and the parents. We are here to listen to all parent views, concerns, and suggestions. We are also here to provide information on school policies, input on budget, and other things that are going on in the school. Through us, parents are able to vote and have a voice. There are monthly meetings for parents, teachers, support staff, and administrators to communicate. The PTO also holds workshops on various topics throughout the year. Please contact the PTO President at (410) 396-9168 if you have any questions, suggestions, or concerns, and if you want to become an active member of the PTO.
School-Based Health Clinic
We are fortunate to have at City Springs a School-Based Health Clinic through the Baltimore City Health Department. In order for your child to be serviced through the clinic, they must be members of the clinic. This means that you must complete the membership forms required. Every City Springs child should be a member of the Health Clinic. Please be sure to complete and turn in the appropriate forms, so your child can receive the appropriate care from the Health Clinic if needed.
School, Family, Community Council
The School, Family, Community Council is a group made up of the Data Analysis Team members, a Charter School Operator Representative, two Parent Teacher Organization members, one student member, and two community members. All stakeholders are invited to give input for these monthly meetings. This group will play an active advisory role in the program and budget decision-making that will lead us to the realization of our vision.
Terrapins in the Classroom
The National Aquarium's 
Terrapins in the Classroom Program
 brings Maryland students face to face with the state reptile, the diamondback terrapin. Hatchling terrapins are collected from Poplar Island and provided to schools for students to observe and study throughout the year. During the turtle's stay, students collect growth data, observe behaviors, learn animal care techniques, and research the natural history of the species. At the end of the school year, students take a field trip to Poplar Island to release the terrapins back into their natural habitat. City Springs has participated in this program since 2014, and a different classroom is selected to care for the terrapin each year.
Copyright © 2016 Baltimore City Public Schools
Sign-In
Sign Out
Access Info
Site Manager
Register
Email Access
Grades
Site Map
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Notice
Home
About Our School
Curriculum
Direct Instruction
Singapore Math
Core Knowledge
Newsroom
Activities
Athletics
Afterschool and Summer Programs
Resource Classes
Field Trips
Celebrations
Family & Community
Overview
School Resources
Community Partners
College & Career Readiness
Partner, Volunteer, Donate
Contact Us
Calendar
Questions or Feedback?
 | 
Blackboard Web Community Manager Privacy Policy (Updated)
 | 
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2002-2018 Blackboard, Inc. All rights reserved.
CLOSE
CLOSE