Skip to Main Content
District Home
Select a School...
Select a School
Abbottston Elementary
Academy for College and Career Exploration
Accelerator Program
Alexander Hamilton Elementary School
Arlington Elem/Middle
Armistead Gardens School
Arundel Elementary/Middle
Augusta Fells Savage Institute of Visual Arts High
Baltimore International Academy Elementary/Middle
Baltimore IT Academy
Banneker Blake Academy for Arts and Sciences
Barclay Elementary/Middle: A University Assisted Community School
Bay-Brook Elementary/ Middle School
Beechfield Elementary/Middle School
Belmont Elementary
Benjamin Franklin High School at Masonville Cove
Bluford Drew Jemison STEM Academy West
Booker T. Washington Middle School for the Arts
Brehms Lane Elementary
Callaway Elementary
Calverton Elementary/Middle
Calvin M. Rodwell Elementary
Career Academy
Carver Vocational-Technical High
Cecil Elementary
Charles Carroll Barrister Elementary
City Schools Inside
City Springs School
Claremont High School
Coldstream Park Elementary Middle School
Collington Square Elem/Middle
Cross Country Elem/Middle
Curtis Bay Elem/Middle
Dallas F. Nicholas Sr. Elementary
Dickey Hill Elementary/Middle
Digital Harbor High School
Dorothy I. Height Elementary
Dr. Bernard Harris, Sr. Elementary
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Elem/ Middle
Dr. Nathan A. Pitts-Ashburton Elementary/Middle School
Eager Street Academy
Edgecombe Circle Elementary School
Edgewood Elementary
Elementary/Middle
Elmer A. Henderson: A Johns Hopkins Partnership School
Empowerment Academy Elem/Middle
Eutaw-Marshburn Elementary
Excel Academy @ Francis M. Wood High School
Fallstaff Elementary Middle
Federal Hill Preparatory
Forest Park Senior High
Fort Worthington Elementary Middle School
Francis Scott Key Elementary/Middle
Frederick Elementary School
Freesite231
Friendship Academy at Cherry Hill
Friendship Academy of Engineering & Technology Mid
Furley Elementary
Gardenville Elementary
George W. F. McMechen High School
George Washington Elementary
Gilmor Elementary
Glenmount Elementary/Middle
Govans Elementary
Graceland Park-O'Donnell Heights Elem/Middle
Great Kids Farm
Grove Park Elem/Middle
Guilford Elementary/Middle
Hamilton Elementary/Middle School
Hampden Elementary/Middle
Hampstead Hill Academy Elementary/Middle
Harlem Park Elementary/Middle
Hazelwood Elem/Middle
Heritage Early Learning Center
Highlandtown Elem/Middle
Highlandtown Elementary/Middle #215
Hilton Elementary
Holabird Academy (Elementary/Middle)
Home and Hospital Program
Independence School Local I High
James McHenry Elementary Middle School
James Mosher Elementary
John Ruhrah Elem/Middle
Johnston Square Elementary School
Joseph C. Briscoe Academy
KASA Middle/High
Lakeland Elementary/Middle
Lakewood Elementary
Leith Walk Elementary/Middle
Lockerman Bundy Elementary
Lois T. Murray Elem/Middle
Lyndhurst Elementary Middle School
Maree G. Farring Elementary/Middle- A Title I School
Margaret Brent Elementary/Middle
Mary Ann Winterling Elementary
Mary E. Rodman Elementary
Matthew A. Henson Elementary
Medfield Heights Elementary
Middle Alternative Program @ Lombard
Montebello Elementary/Middle
Moravia Park Elementary School
Morrell Park Elementary/Middle
National Academy Foundation
New Era Academy High School
New Song Academy Elem/Middle
North Bend Elementary Middle School
Northwestern High School
Northwood Elementary
Patterson High
Paul Laurence Dunbar High
Paul Laurence Dunbar Middle
Pimlico Elementary/Middle
Robert W. Coleman Elementary
Rognel Heights Elementary/Middle
Roland Park Elementary/Middle
Rosemont Elem/Middle
Samuel F. B. Morse Elementary
Sarah M. Roach Elementary
Sinclair Lane Elementary
Steuart Hill Academic Academy
Success Academy Program
Tench Tilghman Elementary/Middle
testSite
The Green School Elementary
Frederick Douglass High School
The Historic Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Elementary
The Midtown Academy
The Reach Middle/High
The Stadium School
Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Johnson Elementary Middle School
Vanguard Collegiate Middle School
Violetville Elementary/Middle
Vivien T. Thomas Medical Arts Academy
Walter P. Carter Elem/Middle
Waverly Elementary/Middle
Westport Academy Elementary/Middle
William Paca Elementary
William Pinderhughes Elementary
William S. Baer School
Windsor Hills Elem/Middle School
Woodhome Elementary/Middle
Yorkwood Elementary
Youth Opportunity Academy
Achievement Academy at Harbor City High School
Sign In
Register
  BIA is celebrating 10 Years of
       Global Education!
                  2007-2017
BIA is an IB World School for the Primary Years Programme (PYP) and the Middle Years Programme (MYP)
For further details about the IB and its programmes, visit 
http://www.ibo.org
Visit us on Facebook!  
https://www.facebook.com/BaltimoreInternational
 Follow us on Twitter!  @BIA_335
https://twitter.com/bia_335
Please join us in congratulating our Founder & Executive Director, Kona-Facia Freeman-Nepay, on earning her doctorate degree. She completed a Global Executive Doctor of Education (Global Executive EdD) program at the University of Southern California Rossier School of Education. This summer, she successfully defended her dissertation on the need for creating a language immersion teacher recruitment and development pipeline, officially earning the title of “Doctor.” We are so proud of Dr. Freeman-Nepay and this major accomplishment! 
It's Time to Register for BIA Summer Camp
BIA's LanguageImmersion Summer Camp is open for enrollment. The camp is a wonderful experience for children. They will participate in fun and engaging activities such as music, art, drama, sports, while being fully immersed in a foreign language. The camp is a great success every year. Please click on the document link below to see the Camp Brochure and registration form.
Summer Camp Brochure
Enrollment for 2018-2019 
Our applications for the 2018-2019 school year are now available as a Word document online, or as a paper copy from the Main Office. As a full language immersion program, our entry points for new students are Kindergarten and First Grade only. Students are admitted through a lottery. 
The application deadline to be considered for the lottery is 3pm on Friday, February 2, 2018. The lottery will be held at 4pm on Friday, February 9, 2018. All age-eligible city residents who apply by the application deadline will be entered in the lottery. 
All applicants who are Baltimore City residents must be placed before non-city residents may be considered. If placed, non-city residents must pay tuition fees of approximately $6,000 per year to Baltimore City schools. 
Students entering Kindergarten in 2018-2019 must turn 5 by September 1, 2018. Students who turn 5 between September 2 and October 15 may be eligible to apply for early admission to Kindergarten through Baltimore City Public Schools. Here is a link to more information about the early admission process: http://www.baltimorecityschools.org/Page/24367
Please find a link to the 2018-2019 application form here: 
BIA 2018-2019 Application Form
If you have any questions about enrollment, please call our Business/Operator's Office at 443-278-9417. 
Free Use of Language Software
Please click on the link below to gain access to Rosetta Stone and other resources for free. You only have to register with your email address and create a password! Help your children practice with their target languages, learn some of it yourself so you can converse with them....click on the link below to access this resource:
Databases by Subject | Baltimore CouDnty Public Library
BIA Authorized for IB MYP Programme
Comments (-1)
BIA in Baltimore Style Magazine
Comments (-1)
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Shortcuts
Language Certification Exams
Gifted & Advanced Learning
About Us
BIA Policies
Enrollment/Applications
Great Things We're Doing
BIA Extended Care Registration
School Uniforms
PTO
Parent Volunteer Information
Useful Websites for Languages
Family Institute
Homework-All Grades
BIA 2017-2018 Calendar
BIA Newsletter
Job Opportunities
Upcoming Events
Today
National Charter Schools Week
PARCC Testing Window
Teacher Appreciation Week
Tomorrow
National Charter Schools Week
PARCC Testing Window
View Calendar
Announcements
Introducing our 2017-2018 Exchange Teachers & Interns
We would like to introduce this year’s guest teachers and interns to our school community. We are very happy to be able to host a total of five exchange teachers and interns this school year. They provide invaluable cultural and linguistic support to our immersion programs at all grade levels. You can learn a little bit more about them below. Please be sure to say hello when you see them at school!
Spanish Immersion
From Barcelona, Spain we have our intern Julen Alvarez Juan, who just earned his Primary Education Teacher Degree in June 2017. Julen has experience with students ages 6-12 and has a strong background in science, math and music. Here are a few words from Julen:
“Hello everyone! I’m Julen and I come from Barcelona, Spain. I finished my studies and I am a Primary Education Teacher after 4 years at the University Ramon Llull in Barcelona. I will be working in the Spanish Immersion Program with all different classes this upcoming school year. I will try to show the students the Spanish language and culture as best I can. I’m very glad to be a part of this team and a part of this exciting Immersion Program. I hope I can help the students to make progress in Spanish!”
Chinese Immersion
From China, we have two volunteer teachers through the Hanban/Confucius Institute, Jingmei (“Jenny”) Yang, and Wenting Zhu.
Jenny is returning to us for a second year and comes from Guangxi Province. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering and is certified to teach Chinese by the government of China. Previously, she worked as a Volunteer Chinese Teacher in Thailand for three years. 
From Jenny: “I am so glad to work at BIA. It is my pleasure to be here. BIA is a big family, my colleagues are very enthusiastic and helpful, and the students are very lovely. I enjoy teaching Chinese language and culture to students. I hope I can help my students to make progress in Chinese. My wish for the school year is to have a great time working, studying and sharing our cultures.”
Wenting Zhu comes from Chengdu in the Sichuan Province of China. She has a Bachelor’s Degree in English Education. She has worked as an English teacher in the primary school associated with Southwest Jiaotong University for twenty years. She is also certified to teach Chinese by the government of China.
From Wenting: “I’m very happy to be here as a volunteer Chinese teacher in the BIA family. I think Chinese is different for most American students, but in a good way. In order to make learning fun, I will give students a lot of speaking practice using a variety of communicative activities. I hope my students will like me and feel comfortable around me. I’m sure it’s going to be a fun and enriching year, both for myself and the students!”
Arabic Immersion
We are very excited to introduce Howida Hassan, our first ever exchange teacher for Arabic Immersion and also our first staff member from Egypt! Howida comes to us through a grant from the Teachers for Critical Languages Program (TCLP). She has a Bachelor’s degree in Education and has been teaching in Egypt for 20 years. She is a Senior Teacher at the El-Kafrawy Official Language School in New Damietta. At BIA, Howida will be working with all levels of Arabic Immersion and also building partnerships in the community.
From Howida: “Hi Everyone, I'm Howida Hassan. I'm a TCLP teacher from Egypt and I'm going to teach Arabic Language Arts. I'm going also to do some outreach activities to teach people in the community about Egypt and the Arabic culture. I'm very excited to work at BIA and I'm looking forward to meeting you all!”
French Immersion
Our intern for French Immersion is Tony Briget. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English and American Literature & Civilization and is currently working on his Master’s Degree. Tony plans to become an English teacher in France. Below is an introduction from Tony himself:
"Hi! My name is Tony and I was born and raised near Paris. I just completed my first year of Master in Education and Teaching, and have passed an exam to become an English teacher for the French National Education system.
I love playing the guitar and singing, and it will be my pleasure to share my knowledge of French pop music with the students. I will also encourage them to remain as open-minded and curious as possible throughout the year.
I am sure it is going to be a wonderful experience!"
Comments (-1)
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Campus Portal 
Comments (-1)
Addressing Bullying and Harassment
Comments (-1)
Click to find...
• 
School reports and information about priority, focus, and reward schools
• 
School survey results
 • 
School profile
 • 
School performance plan
Comments (-1)
Home
About Our School
Applications/Enrollment
School Information
BIA Uniforms
Supply Lists
Enrichment Program
IB Information
Clubs
PBIS
BIA Newsletter
Press
Great things we're Doing
Job Opportunities
High School Information
Gifted and Advanced Learning
Contact Us
Curriculum
Family & Community
Overview
PTO
Parents
Partner, Volunteer, Donate
Staff
Kindergarten
1st Grade Team
2nd Grade Team
3rd Grade Team
4th Grade Team
5th Grade Team
Language Arts Department
Middle School Team
Resources Team
Staff List
Administration
Non-Teaching Staff
Special Resources
Paraprofessionals
Copyright © 2016 Baltimore City Public Schools
Sign-In
Sign Out
Access Info
Site Manager
Register
Email Access
Grades
Site Map
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Notice
Questions or Feedback?
 | 
Blackboard Web Community Manager Privacy Policy (Updated)
 | 
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2002-2018 Blackboard, Inc. All rights reserved.
CLOSE
CLOSE