Skip to Main Content
District Home
Select a School...
Select a School
Abbottston Elementary
Academy for College and Career Exploration
Accelerator Program
Alexander Hamilton Elementary School
Arlington Elem/Middle
Armistead Gardens School
Arundel Elementary/Middle
Augusta Fells Savage Institute of Visual Arts High
Baltimore International Academy Elementary/Middle
Baltimore IT Academy
Banneker Blake Academy for Arts and Sciences
Barclay Elementary/Middle: A University Assisted Community School
Bay-Brook Elementary/ Middle School
Beechfield Elementary/Middle School
Belmont Elementary
Benjamin Franklin High School at Masonville Cove
Bluford Drew Jemison STEM Academy West
Booker T. Washington Middle School for the Arts
Brehms Lane Elementary
Callaway Elementary
Calverton Elementary/Middle
Calvin M. Rodwell Elementary
Career Academy
Carver Vocational-Technical High
Cecil Elementary
Charles Carroll Barrister Elementary
City Schools Inside
City Springs School
Claremont High School
Coldstream Park Elementary Middle School
Collington Square Elem/Middle
Cross Country Elem/Middle
Curtis Bay Elem/Middle
Dallas F. Nicholas Sr. Elementary
Dickey Hill Elementary/Middle
Digital Harbor High School
Dorothy I. Height Elementary
Dr. Bernard Harris, Sr. Elementary
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Elem/ Middle
Dr. Nathan A. Pitts-Ashburton Elementary/Middle School
Eager Street Academy
Edgecombe Circle Elementary School
Edgewood Elementary
Elementary/Middle
Elmer A. Henderson: A Johns Hopkins Partnership School
Empowerment Academy Elem/Middle
Eutaw-Marshburn Elementary
Excel Academy @ Francis M. Wood High School
Fallstaff Elementary Middle
Federal Hill Preparatory
Forest Park Senior High
Fort Worthington Elementary Middle School
Francis Scott Key Elementary/Middle
Frederick Elementary School
Freesite231
Friendship Academy at Cherry Hill
Friendship Academy of Engineering & Technology Mid
Furley Elementary
Gardenville Elementary
George W. F. McMechen High School
George Washington Elementary
Gilmor Elementary
Glenmount Elementary/Middle
Govans Elementary
Graceland Park-O'Donnell Heights Elem/Middle
Great Kids Farm
Grove Park Elem/Middle
Guilford Elementary/Middle
Hamilton Elementary/Middle School
Hampden Elementary/Middle
Hampstead Hill Academy Elementary/Middle
Harlem Park Elementary/Middle
Hazelwood Elem/Middle
Heritage Early Learning Center
Highlandtown Elem/Middle
Highlandtown Elementary/Middle #215
Hilton Elementary
Holabird Academy (Elementary/Middle)
Home and Hospital Program
Independence School Local I High
James McHenry Elementary Middle School
James Mosher Elementary
John Ruhrah Elem/Middle
Johnston Square Elementary School
Joseph C. Briscoe Academy
KASA Middle/High
Lakeland Elementary/Middle
Lakewood Elementary
Leith Walk Elementary/Middle
Lockerman Bundy Elementary
Lois T. Murray Elem/Middle
Lyndhurst Elementary Middle School
Maree G. Farring Elementary/Middle- A Title I School
Margaret Brent Elementary/Middle
Mary Ann Winterling Elementary
Mary E. Rodman Elementary
Matthew A. Henson Elementary
Medfield Heights Elementary
Middle Alternative Program @ Lombard
Montebello Elementary/Middle
Moravia Park Elementary School
Morrell Park Elementary/Middle
National Academy Foundation
New Era Academy High School
New Song Academy Elem/Middle
North Bend Elementary Middle School
Northwestern High School
Northwood Elementary
Patterson High
Paul Laurence Dunbar High
Paul Laurence Dunbar Middle
Pimlico Elementary/Middle
Robert W. Coleman Elementary
Rognel Heights Elementary/Middle
Roland Park Elementary/Middle
Rosemont Elem/Middle
Samuel F. B. Morse Elementary
Sarah M. Roach Elementary
Sinclair Lane Elementary
Steuart Hill Academic Academy
Success Academy Program
Tench Tilghman Elementary/Middle
testSite
The Green School Elementary
Frederick Douglass High School
The Historic Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Elementary
The Midtown Academy
The Reach Middle/High
The Stadium School
Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Johnson Elementary Middle School
Vanguard Collegiate Middle School
Violetville Elementary/Middle
Vivien T. Thomas Medical Arts Academy
Walter P. Carter Elem/Middle
Waverly Elementary/Middle
Westport Academy Elementary/Middle
William Paca Elementary
William Pinderhughes Elementary
William S. Baer School
Windsor Hills Elem/Middle School
Woodhome Elementary/Middle
Yorkwood Elementary
Youth Opportunity Academy
Achievement Academy at Harbor City High School
Sign In
Register
Headlines            
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Headlines & Features
New Family Orientation
Comments (-1)
Meet Your Teacher Day
Comments (-1)
VIDEO: Technology at Arundel
Comments (-1)
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Shortcuts
Staff Roster
Student Handbook
School Supply List
Lunch Menu
Family Institute
Parent Portal
Welcome
July 2017
Happy New School Year Arundel Family!
     Ihope you had an enjoyable summer break. I have taken time this summer to relaxand spend time with my family. I am ready for scholars to return to school! Ihave reflected about what worked well last school year and what needsimprovement. There have been some changes based on the feedback from scholar,parent and staff surveys.
Ienvision Arundel to be a place of excellence where scholars will reach their potential.As the instructional leader, I will ensure the school team provides instructionand services to meet scholars where they are to support their social, emotionaland intellectual well-being in a safe, respectful and high quality learningenvironment. As a team, we will work hard to instill confidence and teach theskills needed for scholars to excel in high school, college and the community.
     I am proud to share that we made progress on readingand math district assessments. These successes are the results of everyone’scontributions! Data will be shared at Back to School Night. We still have a lotof work to do. As a school, we must take these critical next steps: 1) Literacy-using the “close reading strategy” to increase overall reading comprehension,fluency and vocabulary, 2) Math- implementing eight standards of practice to enrichfluency, problem solving and vocabulary and 3) Climate- engaging students indaily restorative practices such as morning meetings, peer mediation and mindfulmoments to foster respectful relationships. We will measure our success byadministering assessments and surveys throughout the year. Activities andassemblies will be planned to celebrate our successes.
     T
eachersare learning, collaborating, and planning for the upcoming school year. I havealso taken time this summer to participate in professional developmentworkshops to learn how our school can support the whole child and make ourenvironment more restorative than punitive. I am confident your child willlearn and grow under the leadership of our extraordinary admin and teacherteam.
Schoolopens for scholars on Tuesday, September 5th. Our bell time willremain as 8:00 a.m.-2:40 p.m. 
Breakfastwill be served in the cafeteria from 7:35-7:55 a.m.
 Scholars will enterthrough the main lobby doors. Scholars will participate in a morning meetingevery day from 8:15-8:30 a.m. with their homeroom teacher to set a positivetone for the day. At dismissal, Pre-K through 3rd grade will exit throughthe main lobby doors and scholars in 4th-8th grade willexit through the back doors closer to Round Road and Veronica Avenue. 
ArundelEMS will remain a uniform school. 
Scholars in PreK-5th gradeshould wear burgundy collared shirts with no graphics and tan khaki bottoms.Scholars in 6th-8th grade should wear navy blue collaredshirts with no graphics and tan khaki bottoms. 
For the safety of scholars and staff, scholars will not be permitted towear hoodies during the school day. Tan, burgundy or navy blue sweaters, blazersor fleece jackets may be worn. Monthly and quarterly incentives will begiven to scholars who wear their uniform, arrive to school on time and haveperfect attendance. Your continued support and cooperation is appreciated!Uniform shirts are available for sale in the main office. Shirts will bedelivered by August 25th. 
New families to Arundel are encouragedto attend an orientation on Thursday, August 10th from 9:00-10:00 am
. Light refreshments will be served and each personwill receive a free raffle ticket to win one of many prizes at the end of theorientation. Our annual Meet YourTeacher Day will be held on Friday, September 1st from 2:00-2:30p.m. Back to School Night will be held on Thursday, September 14thfrom 4:00-6:00 p.m. During Back to School Night, you will learn more aboutour priorities for the upcoming school year, have an opportunity to meet staffand receive information about programs and partnerships.
The Visitor ManagementSystem will continue this school year. Per district policy, each visitor toArundel must show a driver’s license or state ID to be registered. All visitorswill sign in and receive a badge to wear while in the building during everyvisit. We ask that you comply with the policy to keep our scholars and staffsafe. In the event that a visitor doesnot cooperate with the district policy, school police will be contacted and thevisitor may be banned from the school building. 
Early dismissals are strongly discouraged due to scholars beingengaged in instruction until 2:35 p.m. 
Remember, perfect attendanceis no lateness and no early dismissals.
During the school day, Iwill be visiting classrooms to work with scholars and teachers. I ask that yourespect the instructional time and request to meet with me before 7:30 am orafter 3:00 pm. Ms. Williams, the secretary will take your name, phone numberand topic of discussion. You will receive a call by the close of business. 
I invite you to attendSchool Family Council meetings the third Tuesday of every month at 8:30 a.m. or3:00 p.m. to receive updates about our progress and give feedback. The first meeting is scheduled for Tuesday,September 19th. “Power Hour” workshops for parents and guardianswill be scheduled once a month. Organizations will be invited to Power Hour toshare information based on the topics you would like to learn more about. Considerjoining our “Power Parent” group and/or serving as a volunteer. Our scholarscan greatly benefit from your involvement and contributions. Ms. Calicchia willserve as the Family and Community Engagement Lead. Ms. Brown and Mrs. Clea willserve as the volunteer coordinators this school year. If you would like tovolunteer and/or support with planning school events, please stop by the mainoffice.
Ifeel privileged to continue to serve as principal in the Cherry Hill community.It is my personal and professional mission to ensure every scholar receives anequitable education. I love what I do, 
I embrace the challenges andI find it rewarding to see scholars excel. As partners in the work, join me in educatingscholars to make a deep impact and genuine difference. Together, we will expectexcellence from scholars and help them reach their full potential! I ask thatyou support the school team by ensuring your child: 1) Attends school daily,arrives on time, in uniform, ready to work, listen and learn, 2) Adheres to theschool’s behavior and academic expectations and 3) Completes daily classworkand homework assignments. Thank you in advance for your support. Enjoy theremainder of summer break. I will see you in September!
Best,
Mrs. Machado           
ANNOUNCEMENTS            
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Campus Portal 
Comments (-1)
Addressing Bullying and Harassment
Comments (-1)
Click to find...
• 
School reports and information about priority, focus, and reward schools
• 
School survey results
 • 
School profile
 • 
School performance plan
Comments (-1)
UPCOMING EVENTS
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events to display.
View Calendar
Copyright © 2016 Baltimore City Public Schools
Sign-In
Sign Out
Access Info
Site Manager
Register
Email Access
Grades
Site Map
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Notice
Home
About Our School
News
School Information
Staff Roster
Activities
After- School Activities
PBIS Happenings
Contact Us
Family & Community
Overview
Partner, Volunteer, Donate
Resources
Bell Program
Higher Achievement
School Supplies
Photo Gallery
Calendar
Questions or Feedback?
 | 
Blackboard Web Community Manager Privacy Policy (Updated)
 | 
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2002-2018 Blackboard, Inc. All rights reserved.
CLOSE
CLOSE