Skip to Main Content
District Home
Select a School...
Select a School
Abbottston Elementary
Academy for College and Career Exploration
Accelerator Program
Alexander Hamilton Elementary School
Arlington Elem/Middle
Armistead Gardens School
Arundel Elementary/Middle
Augusta Fells Savage Institute of Visual Arts High
Baltimore International Academy Elementary/Middle
Baltimore IT Academy
Banneker Blake Academy for Arts and Sciences
Barclay Elementary/Middle: A University Assisted Community School
Bay-Brook Elementary/ Middle School
Beechfield Elementary/Middle School
Belmont Elementary
Benjamin Franklin High School at Masonville Cove
Bluford Drew Jemison STEM Academy West
Booker T. Washington Middle School for the Arts
Brehms Lane Elementary
Callaway Elementary
Calverton Elementary/Middle
Calvin M. Rodwell Elementary
Career Academy
Carver Vocational-Technical High
Cecil Elementary
Charles Carroll Barrister Elementary
City Schools Inside
City Springs School
Claremont High School
Coldstream Park Elementary Middle School
Collington Square Elem/Middle
Cross Country Elem/Middle
Curtis Bay Elem/Middle
Dallas F. Nicholas Sr. Elementary
Dickey Hill Elementary/Middle
Digital Harbor High School
Dorothy I. Height Elementary
Dr. Bernard Harris, Sr. Elementary
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Elem/ Middle
Dr. Nathan A. Pitts-Ashburton Elementary/Middle School
Eager Street Academy
Edgecombe Circle Elementary School
Edgewood Elementary
Elementary/Middle
Elmer A. Henderson: A Johns Hopkins Partnership School
Empowerment Academy Elem/Middle
Eutaw-Marshburn Elementary
Excel Academy @ Francis M. Wood High School
Fallstaff Elementary Middle
Federal Hill Preparatory
Forest Park Senior High
Fort Worthington Elementary Middle School
Francis Scott Key Elementary/Middle
Frederick Elementary School
Freesite231
Friendship Academy at Cherry Hill
Friendship Academy of Engineering & Technology Mid
Furley Elementary
Gardenville Elementary
George W. F. McMechen High School
George Washington Elementary
Gilmor Elementary
Glenmount Elementary/Middle
Govans Elementary
Graceland Park-O'Donnell Heights Elem/Middle
Great Kids Farm
Grove Park Elem/Middle
Guilford Elementary/Middle
Hamilton Elementary/Middle School
Hampden Elementary/Middle
Hampstead Hill Academy Elementary/Middle
Harlem Park Elementary/Middle
Hazelwood Elem/Middle
Heritage Early Learning Center
Highlandtown Elem/Middle
Highlandtown Elementary/Middle #215
Hilton Elementary
Holabird Academy (Elementary/Middle)
Home and Hospital Program
Independence School Local I High
James McHenry Elementary Middle School
James Mosher Elementary
John Ruhrah Elem/Middle
Johnston Square Elementary School
Joseph C. Briscoe Academy
KASA Middle/High
Lakeland Elementary/Middle
Lakewood Elementary
Leith Walk Elementary/Middle
Lockerman Bundy Elementary
Lois T. Murray Elem/Middle
Lyndhurst Elementary Middle School
Maree G. Farring Elementary/Middle- A Title I School
Margaret Brent Elementary/Middle
Mary Ann Winterling Elementary
Mary E. Rodman Elementary
Matthew A. Henson Elementary
Medfield Heights Elementary
Middle Alternative Program @ Lombard
Montebello Elementary/Middle
Moravia Park Elementary School
Morrell Park Elementary/Middle
National Academy Foundation
New Era Academy High School
New Song Academy Elem/Middle
North Bend Elementary Middle School
Northwestern High School
Northwood Elementary
Patterson High
Paul Laurence Dunbar High
Paul Laurence Dunbar Middle
Pimlico Elementary/Middle
Robert W. Coleman Elementary
Rognel Heights Elementary/Middle
Roland Park Elementary/Middle
Rosemont Elem/Middle
Samuel F. B. Morse Elementary
Sarah M. Roach Elementary
Sinclair Lane Elementary
Steuart Hill Academic Academy
Success Academy Program
Tench Tilghman Elementary/Middle
testSite
The Green School Elementary
Frederick Douglass High School
The Historic Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Elementary
The Midtown Academy
The Reach Middle/High
The Stadium School
Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Johnson Elementary Middle School
Vanguard Collegiate Middle School
Violetville Elementary/Middle
Vivien T. Thomas Medical Arts Academy
Walter P. Carter Elem/Middle
Waverly Elementary/Middle
Westport Academy Elementary/Middle
William Paca Elementary
William Pinderhughes Elementary
William S. Baer School
Windsor Hills Elem/Middle School
Woodhome Elementary/Middle
Yorkwood Elementary
Youth Opportunity Academy
Achievement Academy at Harbor City High School
Sign In
Register
Home
About Our School
School Information
Graduation Pictures
Departments
Art
Career Technology Education (CTE)
English/Language Arts
Foreign Languages
Guidance & Advisement
Mathematics
Physical Ed./ Health
Climate and Culture
Science
Social Studies
Family & Community
Overview
Student Support Team, SST
Organized Parent Group
The Parent's Corner
Partner, Volunteer, Donate
School Family Council
After School Supper Program
Resources
Parent Portal
Title I
Budget Review flyer
PARCC/ Common core night
Athletics
Southwestern Athletics Overview
Eligibility for Try-outs
Clubs
AFSIVA GREEN CLUB
Staff
* Staff List
Bennett, Raymond
Carr, Andre
Hicks, Tracy
Reyes, Estelito
Stokes, Maggie
Taylor, James
Wilson, Kiesha
Teacher Center
Contact Us
Calendar
HEADLINES
AFSIVA Thanksgiving
Comments (-1)
AFSIVA featured in art exhibit
Comments (-1)
PAL Program Video Shoot
Comments (-1)
The Augusta Fells Savage High School "Positive Social Change Theater/Performing Arts Troupe" Would Love To Be Apart of The University of Maryland "Art Against Violence" Project
Comments (-1)
Under Armour presentation
Comments (-1)
AFSIVA going GREEN!
Comments (-1)
Subscribe to RSS Feed
1 / 
10
IMG_0118
ANNOUNCEMENTS
AFSIVA Open House
Comments (-1)
The AFSIVA family would to congratulate Mr. Bennett for being chosen as Teacher of the month of September. Thank you Mr. Bennett for being a shining light to our students.
Comments (-1)
Comments (-1)
			Go to the CTE section and view the monthly program produced by the students at AFSIVA		
Comments (-1)
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Campus Portal 
Comments (-1)
Addressing Bullying and Harassment
Comments (-1)
Click to find...
• 
School reports and information about priority, focus, and reward schools
• 
School survey results
 • 
School profile
 • 
School performance plan
Comments (-1)
WELCOME!
July 28, 2017
Dear Parents/Guardians and Students:
It is hard to believe but it is that time of year again - the beginning of a new school year. Welcome back to the 2017-2018 school year. The first day of school is Tuesday, September 5, 2017. Parents as our partners in education, you are just as important to your child’s education as we are. Your child will receive the best education when you and our committed teachers work together as a team. Together we can achieve success! As the principal of Augusta Fells Savage Institute of Visual Arts (AFSIVA), I can truly say personally that our school’s commitment to excellence is unsurpassed.
 As we prepare for the upcoming school year, you should know that we are working to ensure that our students have educational opportunities that will ensure a platform for success. The faculty and staff have worked enthusiastically throughout the summer to develop procedures and protocols that will promote continued growth for each and every one at our school.
 Student success is the goal of every staff member at AFSIVA. We believe with our new structure and dedication to high quality, research-based best practices, every student will learn to their fullest potential. We are prepared to offer time and support as needed. I ask for your support and participation in this effort by sending your child to school every day, on time and assisting with the monitoring of their educational process.
We have an outstanding school, but I believe that we can always improve. As such, please continue to support our school through our Family Community Engagement (FCE) and take advantage of the numerous opportunities to volunteer. In order to achieve the maximum educational growth for your child, a collaborative partnership between you and our school is needed and encouraged. Your involvement with your child’s education is vital to his/her academic success.
 Our school hours/bell schedule remains the same for this school year. School will start promptly at 8:15 a.m. and will be dismissed at 3:05p.m.
 With the introduction of the Baltimore Link bus system, comes new changes to the city’s bus routes. The routes your child may need to take in order to arrive to campus could have changed.
Please visit 
http://baltimorelink.com/your-route
 to find out the best bus route in order for him or her to arrive to school each day and on time.
Uniforms are now on sale at the school! Please visit the school any weekday between 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. to buy uniforms at our special Back-to-School prices.  
All parents are invited to attend our Back To School “Open House” Night on Thursday, August 24, 2017 from 2:00 p.m. until 6:00 p.m. Students and parents/guardians can tour the building, meet their teachers, purchase uniforms, receive information about our programs, and much more. There will be a free school supply giveaway, music/entertainment and food.
We continue to press forward knowing that this year will continue to yield promising results for our school. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me at 443-240-3881 (cell number) or by e-mail at 
thicks@bcps.k12.md.us. 
I look forward to a banner school year!
 Sincerely,
Tracy Hicks,
Principal
Tracy Hicks
 ATTENTION!!!!!!!
Tonights open house has been postponed to a date to be determined. Please contact the school for further information. We apologize for the last minute  cancellation but look forward to seeing you and our future students in the future.,,,,,VIVA LA AFSIVA!!!!!!!!!
Videos
CTE 2017 Promo
 from 
AFSIVA
 on 
Vimeo
.
on
on
on
on
on
on
on
on
on
on
(0)
EVENTS
Current Events
Friday
8:00 PM - 12:00 AM         
Prom
Saturday
8:00 PM - 12:00 AM         
Prom
May 23, 2018
8:00 AM - 9:00 AM         
Mandatory Farewell Rehearsal
May 24, 2018
9:00 AM - 10:30 AM         
Senior Farewell
View Calendar
SHORTCUTS
Lunch Menus
The Family Institute
Copyright © 2016 Baltimore City Public Schools
Sign-In
Sign Out
Access Info
Site Manager
Register
Email Access
Grades
Site Map
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Notice
Questions or Feedback?
 | 
Blackboard Web Community Manager Privacy Policy (Updated)
 | 
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2002-2018 Blackboard, Inc. All rights reserved.
CLOSE
CLOSE