Search
View Original
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
Guest
 | 
Login
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##									
			    {1}							    
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
Departments
Athletics 
Food Services
Human Resources
Special Education
Student Support Services
Technology Services
About Us
Mission
Our Philosophy
The History Of Detroit Community Schools
Wall Murals & Rock Carvings
Chief Administrator Officer's Message
Curriculum
Our Schools
High School
Elementary/Middle School
2013 - 2014 DCS Student/Parent Handbook
Unexcused Class Absences
Professional Development Schedule
Parent Involvement Plan
Enrollment
Our Admissions Policy
Why you should choose Detroit Community Schools
DCS Application Cover Letter/Enrollment Lottery Notification
Detroit Community Schools Enrollment Application
Calendar
District Calendars
Emergency Drill Schedules
Athletics
Administration
Leadership Biographies
AER - Annual Education Report
DCS Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
Reports
2017-18 Asbestos Official Notification
DCS School Policy Notice
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
DCS Contracts
From Our Authorizer
Board of Directors
Detroit Community School Board Members
2017 - 2018 Meetings
2016 - 2017 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2015 - 2016 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2014 -2015 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2013-2014  Schedule of Regular Meetings
2012-2013 Board of Directors Schedule of Regular Meetings
DCS Board Member Applications
News
What's New
Archived News
Emergency Announcements
Leadership Biographies
AER - Annual Education Report
DCS Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
Reports
2017-18 Asbestos Official Notification
DCS School Policy Notice
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
DCS Contracts
From Our Authorizer
Detroit Community Schools
 » 
Administration
 » 
Leadership Biographies
Leadership Biographies
Ms. Sharon McPhail  - Chief Administrative Officer (CAO)
Sharon McPhail - CAO, Detroit Community Schools. Ms. McPhailhas a long and distinguished record as an attorney, a turnaroundspecialist for local governments, as General Counsel of the City ofDetroit, an elected member of the Detroit City Council, and has bothteaching and administrative experience. She formerly served as aboardmember of DCS. Since coming to DCS, Ms. McPhail has worked tirelessly tomeet the district's many challenges, while inspiring and elevating theoverall success and achievement levels of each student.
Ms. Patricia Peoples - Director of Human Resources
 Ms.Patricia Peoples, a native Detroiter, became the Director of HumanResources for Detroit Community Schools in 2013. She completed herBachelor’s Degree at Central Michigan University as well as her MSA atthe same University.
Ms.Peoples retired from the AAA Insurance Company after 34 years ofservice. During her tenure at AAA she became the first woman as well asthe first African-American to hold a Claims Insurance Managementposition. After retirement she founded Peoples Consultant Group andprovided Human Resource support to many individuals and groups,including the Congressional Black Caucus PAC and the City of Detroit.
Ms.Peoples currently resides in Detroit with her miniature schnauzer,LoLo, and spend her spare time working in her garden. You can reach herat 
ppeoples@detcomschools.org
.
Mr. William Coleman - Chief Financial Officer/ Compliance Officer
WilliamColeman currently serves as Chief Financial Officer/ ComplianceOfficer. Prior to working at DCS, he was the Director of Global Sales& Marketing for a small minority owned business that providedcontract manufacturing services & distribution of building suppliesto major US defense prime contractors, the US Defense Logistics Agencyand the US Postal Service.
Hehas held senior management positions in internal audit & budgetingin New York City and in finance & operations in the San Francisco,Dallas & Detroit school districts. In addition, he has worked as amanagement consultant in numerous other urban school districtsthroughout the country including Los Angeles, CA, Miami-Dade, FL. &Kansas City, MO.
Mr.Coleman has a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from PaceUniversity in New York City and has additional graduate level credits inmanagement & finance from the University of Maryland-UniversityCollege. He is a Certified Governmental Financial Manager.
Mr. Kenneth Hall - High School Principal
Kenneth Hall, the High School Principal at Detroit Community Schools, has been an educator in Detroit since 2000. Mr. Hall earned a bachelor's degree in language arts at Siena Heights University, as well as masters' degrees in both K-12 administration and special education at University of Detroit-Mercy. Growing up in Detroit, Mr. Hall's passion is to "give back" to the city, and to help the city's youth. Over the past 18 years, Mr. Hall has worked as an elementary and middle school teacher as well as a high school special education teacher. Prior to joining DCS as a high school principal, he was an assistant principal at another school. Mr. Hall is very excited to be a part of the Detroit Community family and is dedicated to making sure all students are prepared to succeed in college and that they have the tools to be productive citizens.
​
Ms. Echelle Jordan - Math Curriculum Leader
Echelle Jordan believes that each child is a unique individual who needsa secure, caring, and stimulating atmosphere in which to grow andmature emotionally, intellectually, physically, and socially. It is herdesire as a educator and administrator to help students and teachersmeet their fullest potential in these areas by providing an environmentthat is safe, supports risk-taking, and invites a sharing of ideas.There are three elements that she believe are conducive to establishingsuch an environment, (1) the teacher acting as a guide, (2) allowing thechild's natural curiosity to direct his/her learning, and (3) promotingrespect for all things and all people. 
Echelle Jordan taught 14 years before becoming an administrator. Herteaching experience provided an opportunity for continual learning andgrowth. One of her hopes as an administrator is to instill a love ofteaching in teachers, as she share her own passion for learning withthem. She feel there is a need for compassionate, strong, and dedicatedindividuals who are excited about working with children. In ourcompetitive society it is important for students to not only receive asolid education, but to work with someone who is aware of and sensitiveto their individual needs. Echelle Jordan is such a person and willalways strive to be the best educator and administrator that she can be.
Mr. Bart Eddy - Founder
A seasoned educator, Mr. Eddy brings over 25 years of experience ofworking with young people in the city of Detroit to DCS. As co-founderof DCS, Mr. Eddy has guided Detroit Community Schools since itsinception. In 1983 Mr. Eddy co-founded the Barnabas Youth OpportunitiesCenter, a center that focuses on training urban youth through hands onactivities. Mr. Eddy earned a Bachelors degree in English from Franklinand Marshall College. Prior to founding DCS, and after earning a Mastersdegree in Teaching from Wayne State University, he taught grades onethrough eight at the Detroit Waldorf School.
Ms. Sylvia A. James -  Dean of Students
Sylvia A. James - is the Dean of Students at Detroit Community Schools (DCS).  Inthe past, Ms. James was an attorney focusing on education law, laborlaw and personal injury cases before her election to the District Courtbench.  She represented the Inkster Board of Education, Detroit Public Schools, and the Michigan Education Association (MEA).
AsPast President of the Wolverine Bar Association and Wayne CountyDistrict Judges Association, Regional Director of the National BarAssociation (NBA), member of the Character and Fitness committee of theState Bar of Michigan and former gubernatorial appointee to the Board ofEthics for the State of Michigan, Dean James brings a wealth of legalexperience and years of community service to DCS.  
Jamesfounded the Save African American Boys (SAAB) mentoring program, whichsuccessfully melded the court, clergy, community and Inkster SchoolDistrict in a collaborative effort which spanned 11 years.  For 20 years, she annually sponsored a law day program for area high school students, which 
included actual court cases being heard, along with an essay writing and mock trial component.  Whileserving as Chair of the Judicial Council of the NBA, she executivelyproduced the documentary “Trials, Tribulations and Triumphs,” andcommissioned the first edition of “Black Judges in America”.  
Dean James obtained a BA degree and Teaching Certificate from the University of Michigan.  She earned her Jurist Doctorate Degree from the University of Wisconsin.
Ms. Wendy Senkbeil - Principal – Elementary/Middle School 
 Wendy Senkbeil is currently the proud Elementary/Middle School Principal at Detroit Community Schools.  She is currently in her sixth year at DCS and has served as the Elementary/Middle School Principal for the last three years. Ms. Senkbeil’s educational career began in 2008 when she received her Bachelors’ Degree in Education from Eastern Michigan University. Before coming to Detroit Community Schools she taught in Highland Park. During her first year at DCS she received her Masters Degree in K-12 Administration. 
Serving the children in the Metro Detroit Area has always been her inspiration, desire, and passion. She ensures the highest accountability and responsibility from faculty, staff and community stakeholders and feels that it is her duty to make sure that all DCS students are afforded a high quality education from their neighborhood school, and are guaranteed a pathway to college and future fulfilling careers.
Miss Lillie Riley -  Director of DCS Security
Miss Lillie Riley, who is the current DCS Director of Security, was born and raised in the City of Detroit and has worked at Detroit Community Schools for the past four years.  Since Miss Riley has assumed the Security Directorship she has implemented a plethora of changes that have made the Security Staff more effective and efficient. Before coming to Detroit Community Schools, Miss Riley worked in a wide variety of professional capacities in the food service industry.
Miss Riley attended Detroit Public Schools and studied Child Development at Wayne State University, which has given her a clear understanding of how children develop, and helps her build strong relationships with the students that she watches over.  She describes her style as persistent, while others describe her as professional and personable. Her personal mission is to “Live, Learn and Sacrifice greatly.”
Mr. Anthony M. Wagner - Executive Assistant to the Chief Administrative Officer 
Anthony M. Wagner, a 2014 graduate of the University of Michigan-Dearborn with a degree in Liberal Studies (concentrations in Anthropology, Political Science, and Women's & Gender Studies), has experience in an array of areas, including in technology and IT support, teaching and education, graphic design, and client support. Anthony has worked for Detroit Community Schools since May of 2014, initially as a long-term substitute teacher for grades 6-8, and then as the Executive Assistant to the Detroit Community Schools Chief Administrative Officer, where he works presently.
Detroit Community Schools
12675 Burt Rd, Detroit MI 48223 | Phone (313) 537-3570
Website by 
SchoolMessenger Presence
.  © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.
Budget and Salary/Compensation Transparency Reporting
MI School Data