Search
View Original
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
Guest
 | 
Login
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##									
			    {1}							    
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
Departments
Athletics 
Food Services
Human Resources
Special Education
Student Support Services
Technology Services
About Us
Mission
Our Philosophy
The History Of Detroit Community Schools
Wall Murals & Rock Carvings
Chief Administrator Officer's Message
Curriculum
Our Schools
High School
Elementary/Middle School
2013 - 2014 DCS Student/Parent Handbook
Unexcused Class Absences
Professional Development Schedule
Parent Involvement Plan
Enrollment
Our Admissions Policy
Why you should choose Detroit Community Schools
DCS Application Cover Letter/Enrollment Lottery Notification
Detroit Community Schools Enrollment Application
Calendar
District Calendars
Emergency Drill Schedules
Athletics
Administration
Leadership Biographies
AER - Annual Education Report
DCS Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
Reports
2017-18 Asbestos Official Notification
DCS School Policy Notice
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
DCS Contracts
From Our Authorizer
Board of Directors
Detroit Community School Board Members
2017 - 2018 Meetings
2016 - 2017 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2015 - 2016 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2014 -2015 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2013-2014  Schedule of Regular Meetings
2012-2013 Board of Directors Schedule of Regular Meetings
DCS Board Member Applications
News
What's New
Archived News
Emergency Announcements
High School
High School Profile
Parent Resources
Detroit Community Schools
 » 
Our Schools
 » 
High School
High School
Announcement
2015 - 2016 School Improvement Plan (High School)
2011 - 2012 School Improvement Plan (High School)
H1N1
Detroit Community Schools 1st HBCU Fair.
Historical Black Colleges and Universities visited DCS on October 10, 2015, and approximately 100 high-school students (9th to12th grade) participated in the Fair. Several parents also attended the Fair.  
The Universities that participated were Norfolk State, Morgan State, Grambling State, Hampton, Alabama A & M, Alcorn State, Tennessee State and Central State.  Students were able to interact with University Officials and gain information pertaining to academics, campus-life, athletics, and Greek Life, as well as hear about expectations that each University had of attending students. Approximately 30 students were also able to fill out Admission Applications.
Oakland University, Henry Ford College, Bowling Green University and Ohio State visited the School during the months of October/November 2015 and spoke to Seniors and Juniors about core areas of study, academic expectations, campus life and athletic offerings.
Metro Science Fair
Working diligently, DSC High School Science teachers worked with their students and submitted 32 entries, grades 6-12, to the Metro Science Fair. The entries were in Biology, Chemistry, Environmental Science, Material Science and Physics. Detroit Community Schools, with the most submission of projects, was rank #6 out of 158 schools.   The Science Department is also looking into getting a chapter of “Go Green” started at DCS.
DCS High School Teacher Wins Award
The American Legion Department of Michigan’s Education and Scholarship Division chose as Teacher of the Year, Mr. Walter Mathis, a DSC first year High-School Science teacher
. Five (5) Michigan teachers were selected out of numerous applications that were submitted by their Superintendents. The criterion for winning the Award was based on a teacher’s competence, community involvement and patriotism/Americanism.
A talented and gifted teacher and musician, Mr. Mathis has worked tirelessly to educate and serve his high school students and has also given much time and energy to DCS Middle School students where he created a Detroit Community Schools Marching Band.  He also dedicates significant amounts of energy to community projects and is always ready to give of himself to each and all people he interacts with.
Ms. Sharon McPhail, Chief Administrative Officer of Detroit Community Schools said: “We are so proud to have a teacher of Mr. Mathis caliber here at DCS. He is a highly competent, creative and capable young man who cares deeply for our students and for our school. He always goes the extra mile to empower his students.  We are proud that he received the Teacher of the Year Award, but we are more proud that he walks our corridors and teaches in our classrooms every day, giving guidance and wisdom to our students and to our staff.”
Counseling With A Purpose
The Counseling staff meets with students in 9th, 10th and 11th grades to map out Four-Year Plans. These Plans are tools that will help a student have a better understanding of what classes they need to take in order to make it to a successful senior graduation as well, as the number of credits they will need to move on to the next level of high school. The Plans also help students become aware of those class areas where they may need some tutoring assistance
DCS Debate Team.
In the January competition, the DCS Debate team did very well. Kevin Moore placed 3rd in Varsity and Juawana Pearcy took the 1st speaker award for Novice Debater.
Student Is Accepted Into Mosaic’s Second Stage Program.
Oliver Wilson, a ninth grade student began his study of Oral Interpretation of African-American literature in the fall of 2015. During the class, Oliver was introduced to a prose piece, “Corey,” author unknown. The piece allowed Oliver to project his feelings regarding a difficult situation at home into his character. The following semester Oliver worked at developing his technique to bring “Cory” life and free up pent up emotions in order to express his feelings appropriately.  Oliver later auditioned for MOSAIC Youth Theater of Detroit using “Corey” as his monologue.  Oliver was accepted into the MOSAIC Youth Theatre Second Stage.
Honors to DCS Baseball Coach Brian Newton
Detroit Community School’s Baseball Coach, Mr. Brian Newton, joined an elite group of Coaches when he won his 500th game on May 18, 2016 against Detroit College Prep at Northwestern High School. Coach Newton has been a head Baseball Coach since 1987, when he became the Coach at Mumford High School. While there, he won 7 Public School League City Championships and 5 District Championships.
Students Attending Bucknell Engineering Camp
The following DCS students (
Juowana Pearcy, Jasmine Trombley, Keion York) will be attending Bucknell Engineering Camp at Bucknell University, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania beginning June 25, 2016. The Engineering Camp is an on-campus, residential program. Students will be living in dormitories, eating in the cafeteria, attending classes and laboratory sessions, and participating in group activities typical of the college experience.
On The Way To College
In school year 2015 -2016, 72 of 83 DCS high-school seniors applied to and were accepted to attend a medley of Colleges and Universities for the 2016-2017 school year. The majority of these 72 seniors were also accepted to more than one College or University. 
Student Council News
In 2016, DCS Student Council members took a trip to Lansing, Michigan to visit the Capitol and met with Senator David Knezek. The Council has also worked to provide DCHS administration with data regarding field trips and cold-weather clothing. In addition, they put together a survey for the cafeteria staff regarding lunch options and preferences.
National Honor Society 2016 – 2017
The Induction Ceremony for newly inducted National Honor Society members took place on Wednesday May 4, 2016 at 6:00 pm in the cafeteria. Upper-class members - 
President Adrian Arrington, Vice President Angelique Gass, Trinity Gass, Myron McWhite, Kevin Moore, Jamaka Bailey, and Regina Riggins - were present to support the new, incoming members. New student inductees were LaNeisha Johnson, Hailee May, Theresa Williams, De’Asia McDonald, Rachel Claxton, Kionay Alexander, Nathaniel Wood, Tamira Jackson and Dezaray Webster.  Twenty parents were also happily in attendance at the Ceremony.
HIGH SCHOOL TRACK & FIELD
Boy’s Coach: Mr. Humphrey. Assist. Coach Ms. Shubatis; Girl’s Coach: Ms. Ashford.
 In the first two competitions for the DCS’s Track Team, there were some impressive victories for students. In the 1st and 2nd meet, Alana Jackson finished first in the 110 meter hurdles while Dasure George won the 110 hurdles in the first meet and placed second in the 110 meter hurdles in the second meet. Kambria Cochran placed second in the 100 meter dash in the 1st meet while the 2nd meet saw the following results: Kenneth Thorton - 2nd place, 800 meters; Anthony Moore – 2nd place, Shot Putt; Briana Wade – 3rd place, 100 meters; Cortez Wiffen - 2nd place, 200 meters; Kayshuan Moultrie- 2nd place in the mile run, and the 4 by 100 meter Relay team placed second in their race. 
In the District Regional’s, the DCS Track Team also did well. The Boy’s 4 x 100 Meter Relay Team placed 6th overall with a time of 46.3. Alana Jackson won her meet’s 110-meter hurdle race and placed 5th overall, while Dasure George placed 2nd in his heat in the boy’s 110-meter hurdle and placed 7th overall.  In the Long Jump, Keyon Smith was 2nd in his meet and placed 5th overall. Anthony Moore placed 5th overall in the Shot Put. Tyron Chambers ran 11.7 in his 100-meter dash meet and placed 6th overall, and Michael Edmonson placed 4th overall in the 200-meter dash.
Water Cycles Project
Under the Directorship of DCS founder, Mr. Bart Eddy, and with assistance from MBA students from the University of Michigan Ross Leadership Academy and University of Michigan graduates from the Stamps School of Art & Design, thirty DCS students undertook the creation of Water Purification Industrial Tricycles that will transport water purification units to residents in the Brightmoor community who have had their water shut off. DCS water purification units are designed to meet the water shut off crisis that thousands of residents are experiencing in the City of Detroit, and DCS’s goal is to create/construct rain barrel purification units that circulates through a dual filtration and purification system.
Brightmoor Woodworkers
The Brightmoor Woodworkers program is a DCS student led/student run business that produces high quality, hand crafted wooden signage for sale in the community. The program incorporates workforce skill development out of the apprentice, journeyman and master model and requires those students who have attained proficiency in their craft to become peer trainers for the next round of students. For instance, high school students will be responsible for teaching middle school students. The academic design component features applied mathematics, geometry and entrepreneurship. As in all of our other Extended Day Activities, participating students must attend school regularly and not violate the student code of conduct.
DECA
DECA’s objective is to support the development of marketing and management skills in career areas such as hospitality, finance, sales and service, business administration and entrepreneurship. Programs and activities are tailored to the specific career interest of students and include technical skills, basic scholastic and communication skills, human relations and employability skills, and a strong emphasis on economics and free enterprise. DECA provides recognition and leadership activities directly related to attainment of specific occupational and leadership skills. DECA’s mission establishes clear criteria for its programs and activities. DECA’s Comprehensive Learning Program: Integrates into Classroom Instruction – An integral component of classroom instruction, DECA activities provide authentic, experiential learning methods to prepare members for college and careers. 
DECA members put their knowledge into action through rigorous problem-based activities that require creative solutions with practical outcomes.
Connects to Business – Partnering with businesses at the local and broader levels provides DECA members realistic insight into the industry and promotes meaningful, relevant learning.
Promotes Competition – As such in the global economy, a spark of competition drives DECA members to excel and increase their performance. DECA prepares the next generation to be: 
Academically Prepared – DECA members are ambitious, high achieving leaders equipped to conquer the challenges of their ambitions. Community Oriented – Recognizing the benefit of service and responsibility to the community, DECA members continually impact and improve their local and broader communities. 
Professionally Responsible – DECA members are poised professionals with integrity and high standards.*Experienced Leaders – DECA members are equipped to effectively influence their peers and provide leadership in a business setting.
Detroit Community Schools
12675 Burt Rd, Detroit MI 48223 | Phone (313) 537-3570
Website by 
SchoolMessenger Presence
.  © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.
Budget and Salary/Compensation Transparency Reporting
MI School Data