Search
View Original
Spanish
Cantonese
French
German
Italian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Russian
Hindi
Guest
 | 
Login
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##									
			    {1}							    
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
			{1}							
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
Departments
Athletics 
Food Services
Human Resources
Special Education
Student Support Services
Technology Services
About Us
Mission
Our Philosophy
The History Of Detroit Community Schools
Wall Murals & Rock Carvings
Chief Administrator Officer's Message
Curriculum
Our Schools
High School
Elementary/Middle School
2013 - 2014 DCS Student/Parent Handbook
Unexcused Class Absences
Professional Development Schedule
Parent Involvement Plan
Enrollment
Our Admissions Policy
Why you should choose Detroit Community Schools
DCS Application Cover Letter/Enrollment Lottery Notification
Detroit Community Schools Enrollment Application
Calendar
District Calendars
Emergency Drill Schedules
Athletics
Administration
Leadership Biographies
AER - Annual Education Report
DCS Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
Reports
2017-18 Asbestos Official Notification
DCS School Policy Notice
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
DCS Contracts
From Our Authorizer
Board of Directors
Detroit Community School Board Members
2017 - 2018 Meetings
2016 - 2017 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2015 - 2016 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2014 -2015 Schedule of Regular Meetings
2013-2014  Schedule of Regular Meetings
2012-2013 Board of Directors Schedule of Regular Meetings
DCS Board Member Applications
News
What's New
Archived News
Emergency Announcements
Food Services
 Breakfast, Lunch, and Supper Menus
Detroit Community Schools
 » 
Departments
 » 
Food Services
Food Services
Detroit Community Schools was approved for the Michigan Department of Education’s Community Eligibility Option. What this means is that all Detroit Community Schools’ students are entitled to free breakfast & lunch regardless of family income. In addition, students participating in the Extended Day Enrichment Program may also receive a free nutritious snack after regular school hours.
Please encourage your child to participate in this program.
Please note that breakfast is served from 7:00 AM until 8:00 AM prior to the start of school.
 Breakfast, Lunch, and Supper Menus
FOOD SERVICES 2017-18
Detroit Community Schools is pleased to announce our new food service vendor:  Detroit Public Schools Office of School Nutrition (DPS OSN).  Through the OSN, a nutritious breakfast, lunch, and supper will be served each day for all students. We are excited about the opportunity to provide our students with healthy, appealing, and tasty meals in support of their growing minds and bodies, and to promote their overall good health.  
Detroit Community Schools is approved for the Michigan Department of Education’s Community Eligibility Option, which means that all Detroit Community Schools’ students are entitled to free meals regardless of family income. 
Special Meal Programs offered at DCS:
Universal Breakfast Program
Students in K-8 will participate in the Universal Breakfast Program.  Breakfast items are served in the classroom prior to the start of the school day.  Teachers eat with their students, fostering a connection with them during mealtime and as a role model for the importance of eating breakfast. Numerous studies continue to show a direct correlation between eating breakf
ast and improved learning, and overall student performance.  
Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program 
DCS was awarded a grant with the Michigan Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP) for the 2015-16 school year.  This program provides fresh fruits and vegetables four (4) days a week as a snack during the school day to students in grades K-5. The goal of the FFVP is to improve children’s overall diet and create healthier eating habits to impact their present and future health.  The FFVP will help DCS create healthier school environments by providing healthier food choices; exposing children to a variety of fruits and vegetables; and increasing children’s fruit and vegetable consumption.
Supper Program
A supper meal is offered to students after the regular school day, Monday-Friday.  Students who participate in after school enrichment, tutoring, or other school sponsored activities may eat dinner prior to engaging in their activity.
HEALTH AND WELLNESS POLICY
OSN-DPS COMPETITIVE FOOD POLICY
Detroit Community Schools
12675 Burt Rd, Detroit MI 48223 | Phone (313) 537-3570
Website by 
SchoolMessenger Presence
.  © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.
Budget and Salary/Compensation Transparency Reporting
MI School Data