Sidebar
Menu
Why IntelliSchool
Online vs Traditional High School
GED vs High School Diploma
Enrollment
Pre-Enroll
Registration Info
Graduation Requirements
Locations
Chandler
Glendale
Metro Center
Paradise Valley
Accreditation
Calendar
About Us
Contact Us
Community Partners
Accreditation
IntelliSchool is an AdvancED accredited public charter high school. AdvancED is a non-profit, non-governmental organization that accredits primary and secondary schools throughout the United States. To become accredited, IntelliSchool had to meet a comprehensive list of academic criteria and procedures that contribute to a quality educational experience. IntelliSchool has been accredited by AdvancED since 2013.
Accreditation is important to students because it means IntelliSchool credits are transferable to other accredited high schools. Accreditation is also important if you’re considering joining the military or going to college. It’s a verification for any organization that reviews your academic record, but that’s not the only reason it matters.
Here’s what accreditation means for you:
External and Independent Verification
Accreditation is a verification from an outside agency that schools are meeting the promises they have made. Essentially, it means a third-party has reviewed and verified we are who we say we are, and we’re following procedures and protocol to provide a quality learning environment for our students.
Extensive Quality Measurements
To become accredited, schools must meet extensive quality measurements, which is a thorough and lengthy process. We do this to give you confidence when you choose us as your school. It means our school is meeting the standards that have been defined by a highly-reputable organization.
Continual Reviews and Opportunities to Improve
Accreditation isn’t a one-time thing. Once accredited, our work doesn’t end. We continue to meet with accrediting agencies to ensure we are reaching their standards. This is important to you because it means our work is never done, and there’s always an opportunity for us to improve for our students. 
Sidebar
Try Something Different
Upcoming Events
Memorial Day No School
May 25 - 
May 28				
End of the Quarter/Semester
June 14				
View All Events
Our Uniform
Why IntelliSchool
4 Hour School Days
Choose Your Session
Tuition Free
Self Paced
Computer Driven
Open Enrollment
Parent Access
Classroom Connector
Login
PASS
Chandler
Glendale
Metro
Paradise Valley
Staff Access
Login
Notices
Public Notices
Meeting Notices
Enrollment Office
2222 W. Northern Ave.
Suite A110
Phoenix, AZ 85021
602-564-7370 - phone
602-564-7371 - fax
enrollment@intellischool.org
Other contact info 
here
Follow Us
Intelli
School
 Inc.
Your Education. Your Way.
© Copyright 2017