Sidebar
Menu
Why IntelliSchool
Online vs Traditional High School
GED vs High School Diploma
Enrollment
Pre-Enroll
Registration Info
Graduation Requirements
Locations
Chandler
Glendale
Metro Center
Paradise Valley
Accreditation
Calendar
About Us
Contact Us
Community Partners
Why IntelliSchool
Traditional high school isn’t for everyone, and at IntelliSchool we think that’s OK. In fact, it’s one of the reasons we’re here. IntelliSchool is a public charter high school with four convenient locations in the Phoenix Metro area. At IntelliSchool we recognize a traditional high school experience isn’t necessarily the best experience. We also recognize it shouldn’t be your only option. If you agree, learn more about how we’ve designed our schools because everything we do – the way we teach, the way we structure the day, and the way we tailor curriculum – is done to help our students achieve their academic goals. 
Here are some of the things that make us different: 
Four-Hour School Days and Flexible Scheduling
For working students or those that are supporting families, a seven or eight-hour school day can be too much. As a public charter high school, we offer a school day that is four hours long. You pick from one of three daily sessions. Each of our campuses has a morning, afternoon and evening session. You choose the one that works best for you. Even better? You don’t have to attend the same session every day of the week. If the morning session works best on Monday and Wednesday, and the evening session is what you need for Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, that’s fine. 
Customized Academics and Self-Paced
Not all students learn the same way. This is a fact of life and one we understand at IntelliSchool. Our students come from a variety of backgrounds and circumstances, and it’s our goal to help each one achieve academic success. This means we don’t take a one-size-fits-all approach. Instead, we assess our students and create academic plans that make sense for every individual. We also allow students to work faster or slower, depending on their needs and goals. 
Computer-Based and Supportive
Part of what allows us to customize our curriculum is that we have a computer-based learning environment, which means students work independently on a computer at school. This does not make us an online school. Our students are required to attend class, which gives them daily interaction with our principals, teachers, counselors, tutors and interns who help students one-one-one or in group settings. 
Safe and Comfortable Environment
At IntelliSchool, it is very important our students feel comfortable and safe in school. We have a zero-tolerance policy on bullying. In fact, we tell incoming students that if they are interested in traditional high school drama, they are at the wrong high school. Creating a safe learning environment is one of our top priorities, and our staff does this by building relationships with students founded in respect. 
Open Enrollment Year-Round
We have a year-round open enrollment policy. Students can enroll at any time and for any reason. If you are looking to get caught up on credits, consider IntelliSchool. If you’re interested in graduating early, consider IntelliSchool. If you’re looking for a change from a traditional high school environment for any reason, consider IntelliSchool. We’re an alternative high school choice for you any day of the year.
At IntelliSchool, we think differently about high school. If you are looking for a different high school experience, 
pre-enroll with us today
. Not ready to pre-enroll? Learn more about our 
registration requirements
 or 
our campuses
. 
Sidebar
Try Something Different
Upcoming Events
Memorial Day No School
May 25 - 
May 28				
End of the Quarter/Semester
June 14				
View All Events
Our Uniform
Why IntelliSchool
4 Hour School Days
Choose Your Session
Tuition Free
Self Paced
Computer Driven
Open Enrollment
Parent Access
Classroom Connector
Login
PASS
Chandler
Glendale
Metro
Paradise Valley
Staff Access
Login
Notices
Public Notices
Meeting Notices
Enrollment Office
2222 W. Northern Ave.
Suite A110
Phoenix, AZ 85021
602-564-7370 - phone
602-564-7371 - fax
enrollment@intellischool.org
Other contact info 
here
Follow Us
Intelli
School
 Inc.
Your Education. Your Way.
© Copyright 2017