Sidebar
Menu
Why IntelliSchool
Online vs Traditional High School
GED vs High School Diploma
Enrollment
Pre-Enroll
Registration Info
Graduation Requirements
Locations
Chandler
Glendale
Metro Center
Paradise Valley
Accreditation
Calendar
About Us
Contact Us
Community Partners
Public Notices
Notice of Public Meeting Notice posting locations
School Improvement
School Report Cards
Supplemental Educational Services (SES)
McKinney – Vento Homeless Assistance Act
FERPA Rights
DOD Disclosure
Student Records
Parent/Teacher/NCLB Conferences
Constitutionally Protected Prayer
Annual Financial Report
Notification Regarding Rights to View Instructional Staff’s Credential’s
Parent’s Right to Know
Child Find Policies and Procedures
School Improvement
Parents/Guardians: IntelliSchool – Glendale has been designated a Priority School by the Arizona Department of Education for the 2014-2015 school year. IntelliSchool – Chandler and IntelliSchool – Metro have been designated as Focus Schools by the Arizona Department of Education for the 2014-2015 school year. Click here for more information.
Chandler
Glendale
Metro
PV
School Report Cards
Chandler
Glendale
Metro
PV
Supplemental Educational Services (SES) – A part of “No Child Left Behind” (NCLB)
A list of approved SES providers can be found at the following link on the AZDE website
under the following :
“2011-2012 Approved Providers”
http://www.azed.gov/no-child-left-behind/title-i/ses/
Metro – PAS Charter High School SES information can be found at the following:
SES-PAS Charter Inc.pdf
PV – IntelliSchool Charter High School SES information can be found at the following:
SES-IntelliSchool Inc.pdf
Chandler – SCJ Charter High School SES information can be found at the following:
SES-SC Jensen Charter Inc.pdf
McKinney – Vento Homeless Assistance Act – A part of “No Child Left Behind” (NCLB)
RIGHTS OF HOMELESS STUDENTS
The school district shall provide an educational environment that treats all students with dignity and respect.
Every homeless student shall have access to the same free and appropriate educational opportunities as students who are not homeless. This commitment to the educational rights of homeless children, youth, and unaccompanied youth applies to all services, programs, and activities provided or made available.
A student may be considered eligible for services as a “Homeless Child or Youth” under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act if he or she is presently living
:
In a shelter, temporary shared housing, or transitional living program
In a hotel/motel, campground, or similar situation due to lack of alternatives
In a bus station, park, car, or abandoned building
In temporary or transitional foster care placement
According to the McKinney-Vento Assistance Homeless Act, eligible students have rights to
:
Immediate enrollment: Documentation and immunization records cannot serve as a barrier to the enrollment in school.
School Selection: McKinney-Vento eligible students have a right to select from the following schools:
The school he/she attended when permanently housed (School of Origin)
The school in which he/she was last enrolled (School of Origin)
The school in the attendance area in which the student currently resides (School of Residency)
In Maricopa County, Thomas J. Pappas School
Remain enrolled in his/her selected school for the duration of homelessness, or until the academic year upon which they are permanently housed.
Participate in programs for which they are eligible, including Title I, National School Lunch Program, Head Start, Even Start, etc.
Transportation Services: A McKinney-Vento eligible student attending his/her School of Origin has a right to transportation to and from the School of Origin.
Dispute Resolution: If you disagree with school officials about enrollment, transportation, or fair treatment of a homeless child or youth, you may file a complaint with the school district. The school district must respond and attempt to resolve it quickly. During the dispute, the student must be immediately enrolled in the school and provided transportation until the matter is resolved. The Homeless Liaison will assist you in making decision, providing notice of any appeal process, and filling out dispute forms.
For more information, refer to 
http://www.azed.gov/schooleffectiveness/specialpops/homeless/
.
Annual Notification of Rights Under FERPA
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) affords parents and students over 18 years of age (“eligible students”) certain rights with respect to the student’s education records. They are:
The right to inspect and review the student’s education records within 45 days of the day the school receives a request for access. Parents or eligible students should submit to the Educational Services Department a written request that identifies the record(s) they wish to inspect. The Educational Services Department will make arrangements for access and notify the parent or eligible student of the time and place where the records may be inspected.
The right to request the amendment of the student’s education records that the parent or eligible student believes are inaccurate or misleading. Parents or eligible students may ask to amend a record that they believe is inaccurate or misleading. They should write the Educational Services Department, clearly identify the part of the record they want changed, and specify why it is inaccurate or misleading. If the School decides not to amend the record as requested by the parent or eligible student, the School will notify the parent or eligible student of the decision and advise them of their right to a hearing regarding the request for amendment. Additional information regarding the hearing procedures will be provided to the parent or eligible student when notified of the right to a hearing.
The right to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information contained in the student’s education records, except to the extent that FERPA authorized disclosure without consent. One exception, which permits disclosure without consent, is disclosure to school officials with legitimate educational interests. A school official is a person employed by the Charter School as an administrator, supervisor, instructor, or support staff member; a person serving on the School Board; a person or company with whom the Charter School has contracted to perform a special task (such as an attorney, auditor, medical consultant, or therapist); or a parent or student serving on an official committee, such as a disciplinary or grievance committee, or assisting another school official in performing his or her tasks. A school official has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review an education record in order to fulfill his or her professional responsibility. Upon request, the Charter School discloses education records without consent to officials of another school in which a student seeks or intends to enroll.
The right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by the Charter School to comply with the requirements of FERPA. The name and address of the office that administers FERPA is:
Family Policy Compliance Office
U.S. Department of Education
600 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC 20202-4605
DOD Disclosure
US Department of Education and US Department of Defense require High Schools to disclose student information
Legislation passed by Congress requires high schools to provide military recruiters, upon request, the names,
addresses and phone numbers of juniors and seniors. This legislation was designed to help recruiters share with
young Americans information about potential military opportunities including scholarships. This new requirement
is contained in the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 and the National Defense Authorization Act for the Fiscal
Year of 2002. Both laws override any previous restrictions found in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy
Act about disclosing student information to military recruiters. In compliance with this requirement upon
receiving a request from an armed service recruiter, IntelliSchool will make available personal information
including full legal name, home address and home phone number for students age 16 and up. Parents and students
may “opt out” or object to information being released according to Subpart 2, Other Provisions, sec. 9528 of the No Child Left Behind Act. “A secondary school student or the parent of the student may request that the student’s name, address, and telephone listing not be released without prior written parental consent, and the local educational agency or private school shall notify parents of the option to make a request and shall comply with any request.” For your convenience, IntelliSchool will make available a form to be completed by the student or parent when wishing to withhold information, as described in paragraph 4, at all of the IntelliSchool sites.
Student Records
Annual notification to parents regarding the confidentiality of student education records
IntelliSchool has established written policies regarding the collection, storage, retrieval, use and transfer of student education information collected and maintained pertinent to the education of all students to ensure the confidentiality of the information and to guarantee parents’ rights of privacy. These policies and procedures are in compliance with:
The Family Education Rights and Privacy Act; Title 20, United States Code, Sections 1232g and 1232h, and the Federal Regulations (34 CFR, Part 99) issued pursuant to such Act;
The Education of all Handicapped Students Act; Title 20, United States Code, Sections 1412 (2) (D) and 1417 (C); and the Federal Regulations (34 CFR 300.560-300.574) issued pursuant to such Act; and
Arizona Revised Statutes, Title 15- Section 141.
Student education records are collected and maintained to help in the instruction, guidance and educational progress of the student; to provide information to parents and staff; to provide a basis for the evaluation and improvement of school programs; and for legitimate educational research. The student records maintained by the district may include, but are not necessarily limited to, identifying data; report cards and transcripts of academic work completed; standardized achievement test scores, attendance data; reports of psychological testing; special education records; health data; teacher or counselor observations; and verified reports of serious or recurrent behavior patterns.
These records are maintained in the Enrollment Office of IntelliSchool under the supervision of the Educational Services Coordinator and are available to the teachers and staff working with the student. If your son/daughter should transfer to another school, these records will be sent to the new school upon their request. Otherwise, records are not released to most agencies or persons without prior written consent of the parent.
You have the right to inspect and review any and all records related to your student, including a listing of persons who have reviewed or have received copies of the information. Parents wishing to review their student’s records should contact the Registrar for an appointment. School personnel will be available to explain the contents of the records to you. Copies of student’s education records will be made available to parents when it is not practicable for them to inspect and review the records at the school. Charges for copies of records will be twenty-five cents per page.
If you believe information in the record file is inaccurate or misleading, you have the right to request that a correction be made or to add comments of your own. If, at any time, agreement between the Site Administrator and parent cannot be reached, contact the IntelliSchool Enrollment Office and request a meeting with the Educational Services Coordinator.
You shall be informed when personally identifiable information collected, maintained, or used is no longer needed to provide educational services to your student.
Copies of the District Student Education Record Confidentiality Policies and Procedures may be reviewed in the Special Education office. Federal law also permits a parent to file a complaint with the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act Office in Washington, D.C., if you feel the school is violating public school records policies and statutes. FERPA 01 3/99
Parent/Teacher/NCLB Conferences
PARENT INVOLVEMENT
IntelliSchool recognizes the importance of parental involvement and encourages parent participation. An open
invitation is extended to parents to visit their child’s assigned school site any time between Monday and Thursday.
It is IntelliSchool’s desire to offer all interested parents an opportunity to meet their child’s teachers and other support staff in an effort to promote the successful education of their child. Parents who visit their child’s school can gain insight into the learning and educational process used by IntelliSchool. Special Parent/Teacher/NCLB Conferences will be scheduled periodically throughout the school year. Watch for specific dates each year on your student’s school calendar and in the Student/Parent Handbook. Specific dates will vary each year. When visiting the school, parents can review staff resumes, which are kept on the school site. In addition, Parent/Teacher Academic Conferences will be scheduled each fall after the first Progress Report is sent home.
Constitutionally Protected Prayer
SECTION 9524. SCHOOL PRAYER
(a) GUIDANCE- The Secretary shall provide and revise guidance*, not later than September 1, 2002, and of every second year thereafter, to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and the public on constitutionally protected prayer in public elementary schools and secondary schools, including making the guidance available on the Internet. The guidance shall be reviewed, prior to distribution, by the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice for verification that the guidance represents the current state of the law concerning constitutionally protected prayer in public elementary schools and secondary schools.
(b) CERTIFICATION- As a condition of receiving funds under this Act, a local educational agency shall certify in writing to the State educational agency involved that no policy of the local educational agency prevents, or otherwise denies participation in, constitutionally protected prayer in public elementary schools and secondary schools, as detailed in the guidance required under subsection (a). The certification shall be provided by October 1 of each year. The State educational agency shall report to the Secretary by November 1 of each year a list of those local educational agencies that have not filed the certification or against which complaints have been made to the State educational agency that the local educational agencies are not in compliance with this section.
*The guidance from the ED on Religion and Public Schools was posted on February 7, 2003 at
http://www.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/religionandschools/prayer_guidance.html
Annual Financial Report
A.R.S 15-904.C
C. Except as provided in subsection D of this section, the governing board shall publish, by November 15, the annual financial report for the school district either in a newspaper of general circulation within the
school district, by electronic transmission of the information to the department of education for posting on the department’s website or in the official newspaper of the county as defined in section 11-255 or the
governing board may mail the annual financial report for the school district to each household in the school district. If the governing board chooses to transmit the report electronically to the department of education, the school district shall provide a link on the school district’s website to the report on the department’s website. If the governing board chooses to publish the report in a newspaper, the size of the newspaper print shall be at least
eight-point type. The cost of publication or mailing shall be a charge against the school district. The publisher’s affidavit of publication shall be filed by the governing board of the school district with the superintendent of public instruction within thirty days after publication.
Annual Financial Report
http://www.ade.az.gov/SchoolFinance/Forms/LEAQuery/SubmittedFiles.aspx
Notification Regarding Rights to View Instructional Staff’s Credential’s
IntelliSchool provides upon request an opportunity to review any instructional staff member’s resume. Please contact your student’s Site Administrator to set up an appointment.
Parent’s Right to Know
Parents: You have a right to request information regarding the professional qualifications of the classroom staff working with your student.
Chandler
Glendale
Metro
PV
Sidebar
Try Something Different
Upcoming Events
Memorial Day No School
May 25 - 
May 28				
End of the Quarter/Semester
June 14				
View All Events
Our Uniform
Why IntelliSchool
4 Hour School Days
Choose Your Session
Tuition Free
Self Paced
Computer Driven
Open Enrollment
Parent Access
Classroom Connector
Login
PASS
Chandler
Glendale
Metro
Paradise Valley
Staff Access
Login
Notices
Public Notices
Meeting Notices
Enrollment Office
2222 W. Northern Ave.
Suite A110
Phoenix, AZ 85021
602-564-7370 - phone
602-564-7371 - fax
enrollment@intellischool.org
Other contact info 
here
Follow Us
Intelli
School
 Inc.
Your Education. Your Way.
© Copyright 2017