Skip to main content
Register / Application
School Forms & Docs
Suggested Supply Lists
 Uniform Information 
Select Language
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Haitian Creole
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Login
Email
: 
Password
: 
Create Account
Ben Gamla Charter School South
Site Navigation
Home
About Us
Principal's Message
Staff Directory
Broward Schools Calendar
Newsletters
F.A.Q.
Mission Statement
Campus
Accreditation
Governing Board
Wellness Plan
Education Service Provider
Florida Charter School Website Required Documents
Employment opportunities
Parent Input
Comparative School Data
Academics
Graduation Requirements
School Grades
Student Services
Elementary Curriculum
FSA
Summer Packet
Hebrew Program
Art Program
Students
Student Portal
Code of Conduct
Student Parent Handbook
Parents
Parent Portal
Child Abuse and Neglect Policy
Volunteer Opportunities
PTO
School Uniform
School Lunch Program
School Application
School Advisory Committee (SAC)
Title 1 Information
Homeless Information
Campus Life
Photo Albums
Sheirut Girls
Media Center
Staff
Email
Gradebooks
Portal
												F.A.Q.									
Q: What is a Charter School?
A: A Charter School is a public school of choice that is state-funded but privately operated. Charter Schools have the autonomy and choice to set many of their own policies related to such things as curriculum delivery, parent involvement, discipline, and special programs; however charter schools, as public educational institutions, must maintain accountability academically, financially, and in all areas of legal and safety compliance.
Q: What is the difference between the many different charter schools that exist? 
A: Each charter school is different. They are run by independent boards and each charter school corporation has its own philosophy, vision, and focus that determine the type of experience you will have if your child attends that particular charter school. For example, some charter schools focus on dual-language or performing arts programs, while others may maintain single-gender classrooms.
Q: What is Ben Gamla’s focus? 
A: Ben Gamla is a Hebrew language charter school. All students learn Hebrew language and Israeli culture. The focus of the class is literacy and conversational skills presented through a cultural perspective. Students will participate in activities that expose them to Israeli art, music, and dance.
Q: Do I have to pay to attend a charter school? 
A: No. Since charter schools are publicly funded, K-12 students attend tuition FREE.
Q: What grades does Ben Gamla Charter School in Plantation have? 
A: Ben Gamla Plantation is a K-6 school.
Q: Can you give me some general background information about Ben Gamla? 
A: Ben Gamla was the first Hebrew-English Charter School in the United States. The first Ben Gamla opened in Hollywood in 2007. There are now schools in Hollywood, Plantation, Boynton Beach, and Kendall. The Vision of Ben Gamla is to be a community of learners that honors individual student needs, varied modalities of instruction, and nurtures character traits that help to develop good citizenship. The Mission of Ben Gamla Charter School is to provide a safe environment for innovative instructional practices that continuously light the path toward maximum student achievement and personal growth. As the first English-Hebrew Charter School in the United States, Ben Gamla Charter integrates Hebrew instruction giving our students a useful tool in our global society.
Q: Are Ben Gamla teachers certified? 
A: Yes. Our teachers and administrators are certified and highly qualified in their subject areas and meet the Florida state requirements for certification, the same as any traditional public school educator.
Q: Does Ben Gamla require uniforms? 
A: Yes. Students are required to wear uniforms. Uniforms must be purchased through our vendor, All Uniform Wear.
Q: Do you offer food services? 
A: Yes. Breakfast and lunch are available for all students for a fee. Free and reduced meal applications are also available for families experiencing financial hardship. While the school lunch will be kosher, there are no dietary restrictions on the lunch students bring from home.
Q: Does your school get graded? 
A: Yes. All charter schools are graded the same as traditional public schools.
Q: What are the school hours? 
A: Grades K-6 school hours are 8:00 a.m. - 2:30 p.m.; 
Q: Do you provide a before and after school care program? 
A: No. However, the JCC  has an aftercare program and picks up directly from our school.
Q: Do you follow the same calendar as Broward County public schools? 
A: Yes
Q: How can parents get involved at Ben Gamla?
A: Parents are required to complete a minimum of 30 volunteer hours per year per family. Parents can get involved in many ways such as; joining our School Advisory Committee, being a part of PTO, or by volunteering as a room mom or dad. Parents can also help day to day with anything from carpool and lunch duty to field trips and special events. Parents can volunteer school wide by helping with fundraising, book fairs, and more. The opportunities are endless. Each time you volunteer, you will also earn credit toward completing your volunteer hour obligation as part of our re-enrollment requirement.
Q: Do you have a gifted program? 
A: Yes. 
Q: My child has an IEP. Do you offer ESE services? 
A: Yes. Ben Gamla meets the needs of ESE students as specified by the student’s IEP.
Q: My child speaks English as a second language. Do you offer academic support for this? 
A: Yes. All Ben Gamla teachers are required to be ESOL certified. Ben Gamla utilizes various strategies to meet the needs of students who are Limited English Proficient to help them succeed in language development and in our academic program.
Q: What extracurricular programs will you offer? 
A: For the 2017/18 school year, we will offer a variety of enrichments that will be determined by student and teacher interest, and may include art, yearbook, drama, dance, or be service oriented.
Q: Do Ben Gamla students have to take FSA tests? 
A: Yes. As a public school, we are accountable to the state and must administer the FSA test to our students. We prepare our students daily through teaching the Florida Standards, and not “teaching to the test.” As a Broward County public charter school, we are also required to abide by the Pupil Progression Plan (Policy 6000.1) as it pertains to student promotion requirements. However, there is a variety of assessment methods used to determine student promotion – not just the FSA.
Q: When and where can I register? 
A: Our initial registration period is in January/February, and we have rolling registration after that, depending on seat availability. Please call the school at 954-587-8348 for more information.
Ben Gamla Charter School South
AdvancED
				6511 West Sunrise Blvd
				Plantation, FL 33313
				Phone: (954) 587-8348
				Fax: (954) 587-8347			
powered by Educational Networks
Original text
Contribute a better translation