Skip to main content
Register / Application
School Forms & Docs
Suggested Supply Lists
 Uniform Information 
Select Language
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Haitian Creole
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Login
Email
: 
Password
: 
Create Account
Ben Gamla Charter School South
Site Navigation
Home
About Us
Principal's Message
Staff Directory
Broward Schools Calendar
Newsletters
F.A.Q.
Mission Statement
Campus
Accreditation
Governing Board
Wellness Plan
Education Service Provider
Florida Charter School Website Required Documents
Employment opportunities
Parent Input
Comparative School Data
Academics
Graduation Requirements
School Grades
Student Services
Elementary Curriculum
FSA
Summer Packet
Hebrew Program
Art Program
Students
Student Portal
Code of Conduct
Student Parent Handbook
Parents
Parent Portal
Child Abuse and Neglect Policy
Volunteer Opportunities
PTO
School Uniform
School Lunch Program
School Application
School Advisory Committee (SAC)
Title 1 Information
Homeless Information
Campus Life
Photo Albums
Sheirut Girls
Media Center
Staff
Email
Gradebooks
Portal
Back to top
Quick Links
Registration
Upcoming Events
View our Photo Albums
Broward Schools Calendar
Staff Directory
Today's Lunch
Pasta w/turkey bolognese sauce, ww roll, glazed carrots, fresh fruit
												 Date: 									Today																																																				
Show Calendar »
Show All »
What Day is Today
Today is a "B" day
												 Date: 									Today																																																				
Show Calendar »
Show All »
Information
Our Lottery Registration Form is Now Available Online!
Spring Pictures, Tuesday, March 20th
																																									You child is able to dress up for these photos. Do not send money in advance - the pictures will be sent home and you can decide to pay for them or send them back at that time.
Yearbook Ads on Sale Now!
																															Be sure to get a head start on your yearbook ad by going online today to purchase your ad, or pre-order your yearbook today!
We Love Our Pre-School Partners
																															We are proud to be on the same campus as the Brodzki JCC Pre-School!
We Love Our Pre-School Partners
																															We're so happy that the following pre-schools are sending us their students for kindergarten!
FSA Night Presentation
																																									For those who weren't able to make it to the FSA night, please see the presentation to get up to speed on what you missed!
Be sure to check Mrs. Cardoso's newest principal letter!
																																									Click on the tab "About Us", then "Principal's Message".
Sweatpants and Zippered Jackets for Sale
																															This is a limited time sale, and will only be ordered once. Please get your orders in by November 6th.
Did You Know?
																															You can report an absence directly from our web site. Just go to the Parents tab, and click on Parent Portal.
Show All »
				Sponsor Us			
					 	Word of the Day:
ocellated
from Dictionary.com				
 Join Our Email Lists!
Our School at a Glance
ART NIGHT & PROJECTS 2017
Fitness/Gymnastics in Enrichment Friday
News & Announcements
Teacher Appreciation Week - May 7-11
																															Please see enclosed flyer - if you didn't receive it at home - and learn all about the special days we'll dress for Teacher/Staff Appreciation Week!
The BOOK FAIR is Coming!!!
																															We have so many great things planned for this Spring's book fair - see the enclosed flyers for Grands Day and Family Night!
Kindergarten Roundup - Friday May 18th, 9:00 AM
																															All new registering Kindergarten parents/guardians are invited to the Kindergarten Roundup! See flyer for more info and to RSVP
Deadline for Marlins Field Trip Sign Up is May 1st
																																									There are 9 spots left.
Parents/Guardians are invited to the Yom Ha'atzmaut Ceremony
																															Please join us for our annual Yom Ha'atzmaut program on Friday, April 20th. K, 1 and 2 will be performing at 8:30 AM, and Grades 3-6 will be at 9:45.
Field trip to the Marlins for STEAM Day, for Grades 3-6
																															Space is very limited so be sure to get your payment in early. Once the bus is filled, we will not be able to take any more students.
Get Your Yearbook Ad Before It's Too Late!
																																									Yearbook ads are a great way to let your child know you're proud of them, or to advertise your business or service. Hurry! the Deadline is coming up soon! See the flyer inside for more details!
Check Out Our April Newsletter!
																															This issue is full of lots of great information!
HONOR ROLL ASSEMBLY - Grades 3-6
																															Friday, April 13th - 8:15 AM
Program will start on time so please be punctual and give yourself enough time to park and sign in.
YEARBOOK is On Sale Now
																															This year's yearbook will be better than ever and you don't want to get left out - we only order a specific quantity. Pre-order your yearbook before Spring Break for only $30. or get it online for $31.50. Send your money in today!
The Oral Health Dental Visit is Cancelled
																																									Unfortunately they have discontinued the program - we're sorry for any inconvenience!
Early Release Thursday, March 22nd
																															All students are dismissed at 11:45. Please make sure any daycare providers are aware of the time.
Spring Break for students is March 23rd-30th. 
																															Have a wonderful, safe spring break and we'll see you back on Monday, April 2nd.
REGISTRATION & RE-REGISTRATION DATES
																															We will begin our Registration for the 2018/2019 school year on January 16 - 26, 2018. Re-registration for existing students will be January 22 - 26, 2018.
FSA Writing Test Policies
																																									Please see the attached letter regarding FSA Writing for 3-6 grades.
Get Ready, Get Set, Save the Date for Our Auction on March 18th
																															See inside for our first auction newsletter, and an important reminder about your classroom baskets!
A Week of Fun for Simcha Week
																															Check out the flyer for the week of March 12 -16th and dress each day's theme to participate in Crazy Simcha Week, during the month of Happiness!
Important Notice
																															As we have watched the tragedy unfolding at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School our hearts and prayers go out to the victims, their families, and all the students, teachers, and staff affected.
When we come together as a family, school, and community we want to assure you that our support staff will be available to speak with students if needed. Our faculty and staff will be extra vigilant and our administration will continue to be visible throughout the day in all areas of the school.
Ben Gamla Charter South has a comprehensive emergency plan in the hopes that we will never need to use it. Sadly, events like the tragedy at Stoneman Douglas show us that we must never grow complacent. We will continue to review and practice our plans with personnel and with our Plantation Police school resource officer to ensure the safety of all our students, faculty, and staff, which will always be our highest priority.
We thank all parents, students, staff and faculty who make Ben Gamla such a strong community. Let's continue to stand strong even as we grieve over this unspeakable tragedy.
March 2nd, 2018
Field Day - February 22nd
																															We are so excited about our upcoming Field Day on Thursday, February 22nd, which is an early release. If you are available to volunteer, please see the front office!
Show All »
Ben Gamla Charter School South
AdvancED
				6511 West Sunrise Blvd
				Plantation, FL 33313
				Phone: (954) 587-8348
				Fax: (954) 587-8347			
powered by Educational Networks
Original text
Contribute a better translation