Skip to main content
Register / Application
School Forms & Docs
Suggested Supply Lists
 Uniform Information 
Select Language
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Haitian Creole
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Login
Email
: 
Password
: 
Create Account
Ben Gamla Charter School South
Site Navigation
Home
About Us
Principal's Message
Staff Directory
Broward Schools Calendar
Newsletters
F.A.Q.
Mission Statement
Campus
Accreditation
Governing Board
Wellness Plan
Education Service Provider
Florida Charter School Website Required Documents
Employment opportunities
Parent Input
Comparative School Data
Academics
Graduation Requirements
School Grades
Student Services
Elementary Curriculum
FSA
Summer Packet
Hebrew Program
Art Program
Students
Student Portal
Code of Conduct
Student Parent Handbook
Parents
Parent Portal
Child Abuse and Neglect Policy
Volunteer Opportunities
PTO
School Uniform
School Lunch Program
School Application
School Advisory Committee (SAC)
Title 1 Information
Homeless Information
Campus Life
Photo Albums
Sheirut Girls
Media Center
Staff
Email
Gradebooks
Portal
												School Uniform									
Our Uniform Vendor is ALL UNIFORM WEAR, with several locations throughout Broward County. The closest location is 4379 W. Sunrise Blvd., Plantation.
We believe that all students have the right to a safe, healthy school environment.  We believe that all students have the responsibility to dress appropriately and uphold basic standards of cleanliness and proper grooming.  A students’ dress and appearance should not cause disruption and distraction from the educational process at Ben Gamla Charter School.
The following is the uniform policy that is endorsed and committed to be enforced by Ben Gamla Charter School. Students are required to follow this policy, and failure to do so will result in administrative action taken against all uniform violations.
Please Note: Students who are not wearing the correct uniform will be subjected to the Ben Gamla Charter School Discipline Plan.
Elementary  & Middle School Uniforms:
Elementary & Middle school students may wear the LIGHT BLUE, ROYAL BLUE or WHITE Ben  Gamla uniform shirts only. Students may wear blue or  khaki uniform pants, skirts or skorts (no cargo pants.) Shorts may be  worn only if they are knee length.
Jackets or sweaters must be navy blue, gray, or white, and may not have any writing, nor any hoodies.
All uniform attire must be purchased at All Uniform Wear Inc. Students wearing any item not purchased at All Uniform will be asked to conference with administration and a parent will be contacted in order to rectify and clarify any misunderstandings outlined by the following:
All students are required to wear straight cut, full length pants in their division color.
All students are allowed to wear Bermuda shorts in their division color.
The pants or Bermuda shorts may not have cargo pockets, unusual tailoring and/or labels, may not be manufactured from jean material and must be fitted to the student correctly. Pants that are too big or too tight, as determined by the Administration, for the student are not acceptable and will be deemed in violation of the uniform code.
Any attire, including backpacks, displaying gang related paraphernalia or symbols, profanity or any inappropriate logos or displays are not allowed.
Clothing, jewelry, buttons, haircuts, or other items or markings which are, *suggestive, *revealing, or *indecent, associated with gangs or cults, encourage the use of drugs, alcohol, or violence, or support discrimination on the basis of age, color, disability, ethnicity, gender, linguistic differences, marital status, national origin, race, religion, socio economic background, sexual orientation, physical appearance, or on any other basis are not allowed.
Any articles of clothing or jewelry that may cause injury including, but not limited to: with spikes or sharp objects, wallet chains, and heavy link chains are not allowed.
All uniform must be clean and pressed at all times; good grooming of hair, skin and fingernails is expected at all times.
All headgear (hats, scarves, bandanas etc.) are forbidden on school property (unless worn for Religious Observance).
No buttons, tags, or labels may be worn on the school uniform unless approved by the administration.
During School Announced dress down and spirit days Students will only be allowed to wear spirit shirts with uniform bottoms, unless they pay for Dress Down.
Boys Uniform
In addition to the above, boys:
Must Wear Pants/Bermuda shorts must be worn at waist level.
Must NOT Wear earrings (real or clip-on) or have any other visible body piercing or tattoos.
Must NOT Wear any additional jewelry or clothing except as specified above.
	    		Girls Uniform
In addition to the above, girls must:
For safety reasons earrings must be plain and stud type, or small hoops (total size must be smaller than a quarter - $.25).
Shoes: Students MUST wear closed-toe shoes or sneakers.   No high heels, open toe shoes, or flip flops. Footwear must be worn at all times. Bedroom slippers are not allowed.  Parents should ensure that the footwear their students wear to school does not impede their safety.
Ben Gamla Charter School South
AdvancED
				6511 West Sunrise Blvd
				Plantation, FL 33313
				Phone: (954) 587-8348
				Fax: (954) 587-8347			
powered by Educational Networks
Original text
Contribute a better translation