BUILDING BETTER PEOPLE, EVERY DAY
HOME
ACADEMICS
PARENT INFO 
CHESS
IB
CAMPUS 
EMPLOYMENT
CONTACT
ENROLL
Boynton Beach
Cooper City
Palm Beach Gardens
Pembroke Pines (6-12)
Pembroke Pines (K-8)
Sunrise
Frequently Asked Questions
Governing Board
Parent Information
Academics
Online Resources
Cooper City Campus - International Baccalaureate
Home
School Location
Carpool Information
Registration
Policies & Procedures
PTO Information
Faculty & Staff
After School Clubs
Uniforms
Falcon Sports
IB
Online Resources
FSA
PowerSchool
Governing Board
Broward County Signature Forms
National Junior Honor Society
International Baccalaureate
The International Baccalaureate aims to develop inquiring,                knowledgeable and caring young people who help to create a                better and more peaceful world through intercultural understanding                and respect.
To this end the organization works with schools, governments and                international organizations to develop challenging programmes of                international education and rigorous assessment.
These programmes encourage students across the world to                become active, compassionate and lifelong learners who                understand that other people, with their differences, can also be                right.
Parent Night Presentation
IB Parent Information Packet
MYP Command Terms
International Baccalaureate Website
Community Project Handbook
Assessment Policy
Special Needs Policy
Language Policy
Academic Honesty Policy
Academic Honesty Commitment Form
IB (MYP) Rubrics
Physical & Health Education Rubric
Individual & Societies Rubric
Design Rubric
Art Rubric
Mathematics Rubric
Science Rubric
Language & Literature Rubric
Language Acquisition Rubric
Serving Our Community
 An important component of the IB Programme is community service.  Our MYP students shared the gift of hope across the nation with a South Florida student battling cancer.  Talia’s fight for life is taking place in a Tennessee hospital, but her local Falcon community helped her to remember that she is not alone.  Future plans to support Talia include a car wash fundraiser at our Cooper City campus.
World Travel
 In the MYP, students endeavor to become global-minded thinkers.  Toward this goal, our IB learners will be traveling to Spain this year and France in 2018.  These trips are designed to help our students personally experience the diversity of world cultures.
France Trip
Spain Trip
                6301 S. Flamingo Road, Cooper City, FL 33330 | Phone: (954) 780-5533 & Fax: (954) 252-8147                             