BUILDING BETTER PEOPLE, EVERY DAY
HOME
ACADEMICS
PARENT INFO 
CHESS
IB
CAMPUS 
EMPLOYMENT
CONTACT
ENROLL
Boynton Beach
Cooper City
Palm Beach Gardens
Pembroke Pines (6-12)
Pembroke Pines (K-8)
Sunrise
Frequently Asked Questions
Governing Board
Parent Information
Academics
Online Resources
Cooper City Campus - Service Hour Info
Home
School Location
Carpool Information
Registration
Policies & Procedures
PTO Information
Faculty & Staff
After School Clubs
Uniforms
Falcon Sports
IB
Online Resources
FSA
PowerSchool
Governing Board
Broward County Signature Forms
National Junior Honor Society
Click here
 to REPORT AN ABSENCE
        Include the following information:
           1. Student’s full name
           2. Grade
           3. Date of absence
           4. Reason for absence    
As agreed to by all Parents/Guardians and defined in the Parent School Contract, Franklin Academy families must complete service hours each academic year.                Franklin Academy’s family service hour agreement has been revised.  Effective with the 2017-2018 school year, Franklin families will be required to perform eight (8) hours of service for the academic year regardless of the number of students enrolled.
New - Service Hour Flyer
New - Service Hour Brochure
Notes:
                1) Service hours must be completed at each student's particular campus. This policy has been established to minimize confusion in tracking hours by the respective Service Hour Coordinators.                
 2) In an effort to offer Parents/Guardians the greatest opportunity to fulfill their service hour obligations, Franklin Academy is implementing an interactive web calendar named: “Your Volunteers.” Parents/guardians can view and select service hour opportunities at their respective campuses. The calendar will be populated several weeks in advance and will display daily service hour opportunities at your campus. Parents should check the “Your Volunteers” site often as new and emerging service opportunities are posted daily. 
Registration is fast and easy
. Each family should only register for one (1) account regardless of the number of students.            
Scroll down this page to view the most current calendar.
If you have any questions regarding your service hour obligation, please do not hesitate to contact your Service Hour Coordinator at: 
Parents-CC@Franklin-Academy.org
Create New Account/Login To Existing Account
Parent Service Hour Form (For Hours Completed Off Campus)
Calendar
                6301 S. Flamingo Road, Cooper City, FL 33330 | Phone: (954) 780-5533 & Fax: (954) 252-8147                             