Principal Stan Lyons
(575) 544-8404
315 E. First St.
Deming, NM 88030
Class Times:
8:04 am - 4:10 pm
Home
Enrollment
About DCCCHS
Our Approach & Mission
Frequently Asked Questions
For Current Students
Calendar
Graduation Requirements
A+ Learning
Homework Helpers
For Parents
Parent Information
Homework Helpers
PARCC Score Interpretation Guide
Governance
Agendum & Minutes
Finance Committee
Contact Us
Menu
Finance Committee
Finance Committee
Section 6.2 – B
Finance Committee: DCCCHS’s Finance Committee has a vital role in keeping the Governing Council apprised of the school’s business affairs and financial condition.
1) Appointments and Composition
The members of the finance committee shall be the treasurer of the Governing Council who shall serve as chair, the DCCCHS Business Manager, and at least
one other member who is a non-DCCCHS employee and disinterested party selected by the treasurer and business manager and approved by the Council.
2) Responsibilities
– Prepare and maintain the annual budget for the charter school in collaboration with the Principal.
– Also in collaboration with the Principal, develop and annually revise a long-term financial forecast.
– Review all grant proposals and when necessary, make recommendations to the council.
– Prepare all Budget Adjustment Requests (BAR) and present with recommendations to the Governing Council as necessary.
– Represent the school throughout all phases of the annual audit.
– Review business manager’s required reports and make recommendations to the Governing Council regarding the reports as necessary.
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Ms. Higuera – Board Treasurer
Mr.  Masters – Business Manager
Mr. Dan Sanchez – Board Secretary
Mr.  Lyons – Principal
Quick Links
A+ Learning System
Homework Helpers
Parent Information
PARCC Score Interpretation Guide
Calendar
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Popular Links
Sunshine Portal
NM PED
Deming Public Schools
A+ Learning System
Infinite Campus
PARCC Score Interpretation Guide
Contact DCCCHS
Address: 315 E. First St.
Deming, New Mexico 88030
Office: (575) 544-8404
Fax: (575) 544-8755
			© 2018 Deming Cesar Chavez Charter High School. All Rights Reserved. 		