About
Peak School
FAQ
Curriculum
Character
Education
Calendar &
Schedules
Snow
Policy
Internet
Policy
Tax
Credit
Activites
& Clubs
Faculty
& Staff
Homeless Education
Assistance Act
Every Student
Succeeds Act
In The
News
Health
News
Board
Meetings
& Budgets
Employment
Opportunities
An Official Core Knowledge© School and Model Visitation Site
Enrolling Kindergarten - 8th Grade
Click HERE for a registration form
Weekly Newsletter
  -  
Classroom Calendar
Frequently     Asked Questions
w
What is The PEAK School
?
w
What are Charter Schools?
w
What is the cost of attending The PEAK School?
w
What is The PEAK Curriculum?
w
What is Accelerated Education?
w
How will my child benefit from attending The PEAK School?
What is the PEAK School?
      back to top
      The PEAK School is an independent, non-profit, academically oriented public       charter school. Like any other state-funded public school, The PEAK School       is open to all without regard to race, color, creed or national origin.       Our school is not associated with Flagstaff Unified School District, nor       is The PEAK School associated with any religious or political group. The       PEAK School serves grades K - 8. 
What are Charter Schools?
    back to top
    Charter schools are innovative public schools usually operated by private     parties under contract to, and overseen by, a sponsor. In our case, The PEAK     School is sponsored by The State Board for Charter Schools. The State Board     reports directly to the State Legislature. The PEAK School must follow state     educational guidelines, but is not under local school district control. By     having complete local control, all funds go directly to student programs.     No district administrative costs are borne by the school. The PEAK School     is also able to accept students from throughout the Flagstaff area. 
What is the cost of attending
    The PEAK School?
    back to top
    As with any public school, operational costs are borne by the State. There     is no tuition cost to attend The PEAK School. 
What is The PEAK Curriculum?
back to top
    The PEAK School provides a varied and academically challenging curriculum     with an emphasis on individualizing instruction for each student. Language     arts, math, science, history, geography and computer skills     are taught. Additionally, art, music and physical education are an integral     part of the curriculum. The PEAK School uses the well-known Core Knowledge     Sequence published by the Core Knowledge Foundation. The Core Knowledge curriculum     encourages consistent academic progress as children build their knowledge     and skills in a sequential manner, while preventing repetition and gaps in     instruction. All children are provided with strong educational foundations     allowing them to connect new learning to their existing knowledge base. The     Core Knowledge Sequence works with the Arizona State standards, skills based     instruction, and enrichment programs to create a balanced school curriculum.     Additionally, PEAK offers an affordable before and after school enrichment     programs. 
What is Accelerated Education? 
back to top
    Accelerated education is a concept that provides students with the opportunity     to efficiently learn skills such as reading, writing, calculation, and verbal     communication. Additionally, general knowledge, as in The Core Knowledge Sequence,     is quickly taught and mastered.
    Acceleration is accomplished at The PEAK School through: 
1)
Small class size.
2)
A gifted curriculum that allows students to self pace.
3)
Individualized ongoing assessment that measures student success.
4)
Highly trained teachers that believe in and know how to individualize for each student.
5)
Small group skill instruction for Language Arts and Math.
How will my child benefit from     attending 
    The PEAK School?
back to top
The PEAK School provides a learning environment that enables all     children to learn at a high level. Students are guided in their personal interests,     encouraged to challenge their capacities, and taught to become self-directed     goal setters and learners. The accelerated and individualized learning opportunities     provided by The PEAK School empower children to excel beyond traditional school     expectations.
                        Copyright © 2000-2018 THE PEAK SCHOOL
			2016 N. 1st Street, Suite A
			Flagstaff, AZ 86004
			Phone (928) 779-0771 Fax (928) 779-0774
info@peakschool.org
			Language Arts
			Math
			Science
			History
			Geography
			Art & Music			