Skip to content
English
Español
News
Contact Us
Search for: 
Main Menu
▼
About KIPP San Antonio
What Is KIPP?
How We Operate
Our Impact
Our Staff
Team and Family Profiles
Board of Directors
School Calendar
▼
Our Schools
KIPP Aspire Academy
KIPP Camino Academy
KIPP Esperanza Dual Language Academy
KIPP Poder Academy
KIPP University Prep
KIPP Un Mundo Dual Language Academy
▼
Enroll
FAQ
Apply Now
▼
KIPP Through College
KTC Team
High School Resources
College Resources
▼
Join Our Team
Why KIPP San Antonio?
Application FAQs
Search For Jobs
▼
Support KIPP San Antonio
Family Resources
News
Contact Us
 High School Resources 
KIPP Through College counselors specializing in college placement partner with our high school students and middle school alumni to ensure that they are taking the necessary steps to graduate from high school and enroll in college. KIPP Through College (KTC) counselors advise and support students as they explore which colleges are the right fit and navigate the admissions process.
College Prep Course
All twelfth grade students at KIPP University Prep participate in a college prep course that involves a number of college preparation and transition components. During this class, students focus on resume creation, essay writing, data-driven research, one-on-one sessions with KIPP Through College Counselors, completion of admissions applications to at least nine colleges, completion of scholarship and 
FAFSA applications
, and support of undocumented students in 
DACA enrollment
 and 
TASFA applications
.
College Match Tool
KIPP Through College focuses on a simple truth: match matters. A growing body of research shows that choosing the right college can make or break a student’s chance of graduating. This is especially true for students from low-income communities, and even more so for those who are the first in their families to go to college. The KIPP Through College team meets one-on-one with students and uses a data-driven approach to find the schools that will be the right fit for each student. Take a sneak peek at our 
College Match Tool
 to see our work.
Pre-College Summer Programs
Through our college partnerships, KIPP receives a number of spaces for students in very competitive summer programs at institutions such as Brown University and Georgetown University. Students can be nominated by their teachers for these two-week, all-expenses-paid summer programs. KIPP Through College also has a 
Summer Programs Database
 that students can access to find out about more summer opportunities.
High School Alumni
As part of the KIPP promise, the KIPP Through College team supports all students who complete eighth grade at a KIPP San Antonio middle school, regardless of the high school they attend. A KTC counselor collaborates with other high schools to access and support our alumni’s college aspirations. Download this 
Alumni Info Packet
 for more information.
KTC Team
High School Resources
College Resources
Stay Connected
Stay Connected with KIPP San Antonio!
Discover how you can become involved and support the KIPP San Antonio Team & Family »
Social
Get Social!
Follow us now for the latest news and happenings.
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Instagram
Back To Top
About Us
Enroll
Join Our Team
KIPP Through College
Our Schools
Support KIPP San Antonio
News
Contact
Public Information
Purchasing
Notice to Occupants of Commerce Campus
Kipp San Antonio // 731 Fredericksburg Rd // San Antonio, TX 78201 // 210.734.4500 // 
info@kippsa.org
© Copyright 2018 KIPP San Antonio • 
Privacy Policy
 • 
Sitemap
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TQL253J"height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe>
X