Skip to content
English
Español
News
Contact Us
Search for: 
Main Menu
▼
About KIPP San Antonio
What Is KIPP?
How We Operate
Our Impact
Our Staff
Team and Family Profiles
Board of Directors
School Calendar
▼
Our Schools
KIPP Aspire Academy
KIPP Camino Academy
KIPP Esperanza Dual Language Academy
KIPP Poder Academy
KIPP University Prep
KIPP Un Mundo Dual Language Academy
▼
Enroll
FAQ
Apply Now
▼
KIPP Through College
KTC Team
High School Resources
College Resources
▼
Join Our Team
Why KIPP San Antonio?
Application FAQs
Search For Jobs
▼
Support KIPP San Antonio
Family Resources
News
Contact Us
 College Resources 
Once students graduate from high school, KIPP Through College remains a constant support to ensure that they remain on the path to college completion and career readiness. 
KIPP Through College counselors visit students at their college campuses and keep in constant communication to discuss academic progress, financial aid, social pressures, and internship opportunities. KTC also hosts events during holidays and breaks. By intentionally building relationships, KTC is able to help address specific issues, steer students towards appropriate resources, and empower students to advocate for themselves.
If you are a KIPP San Antonio alumni, we would love for you to stay connected and take advantage of the great opportunities available to our college-aged KIPPsters! Fill out our 
Alumni Questionnaire
 and we’ll reach out to you very soon.
College Connections & Ambassadors
College Connections
 is a program designed to ensure that KIPP alumni are making connections with each other on college campuses across the country. Connecting our growing network of alumni in college is a critical and powerful tool in the effort to increase college persistence and graduation rates. KIPP seeks to build supportive cohorts of our students on college campuses so they can work together to persist in and graduate from college. College Connections works to:
Identify other KIPP alumni on campus and build personal networks
Appoint Ambassadors who plan events, host workshops, maintain college communities, and visit with KIPP alumni
Provide support for KIPP alumni in overcoming academic, social, and emotional challenges in college
Collaborate with other KTC regions in supporting students across the network
As the number of KIPP alumni in college continues to grow rapidly every year, building peer-to-peer support and maintaining strong communities will provide students with additional reinforcement on their climb through college.
KTC Team
High School Resources
College Resources
Stay Connected
Stay Connected with KIPP San Antonio!
Discover how you can become involved and support the KIPP San Antonio Team & Family »
Social
Get Social!
Follow us now for the latest news and happenings.
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Instagram
Back To Top
About Us
Enroll
Join Our Team
KIPP Through College
Our Schools
Support KIPP San Antonio
News
Contact
Public Information
Purchasing
Notice to Occupants of Commerce Campus
Kipp San Antonio // 731 Fredericksburg Rd // San Antonio, TX 78201 // 210.734.4500 // 
info@kippsa.org
© Copyright 2018 KIPP San Antonio • 
Privacy Policy
 • 
Sitemap
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TQL253J"height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe>
X