ABOUT TEXANS CAN
Our story
Leadership
Board of Trustees
Required Disclosures
Procurement & Business Opportunities
Careers
Human Resources
CAMPUS LOCATIONS
Austin
Dallas Ross Avenue
Dallas Grant East
Carrollton / Farmers Branch
Dallas Pleasant Grove
Dallas Oak Cliff
Fort Worth Lancaster Avenue
Fort Worth Westcreek
Garland
Highlands
Houston Hobby
Houston Southwest
Houston North
San Antonio
News & Events
Calendar
Support Texans Can!
Donate
Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund
Countdown to Class 2017
Dehart Memorial Scholarship Fund
Our Impact
Parents & Students
Student Assistance Program
Texans Can Pre-K
Student Stories
Curriculum
College and Career Readiness
Student Nutrition
Child Care
Parent Portal
Alumni Association
Contact Us
Newsletter Sign Up
News & Events Message List
menu
fb
tw
yt
in
Donate
Cars for Kids
Enroll Now!
News & Events
Upcoming Events
2018 Texans Can Academy – San Antonio Can Motherhood: A Lifetime Achievement Award Luncheon
May 22, 2018
Texans Can Academy – San Antonio Can will honor Rosemary Kowalski at the 2018 Texans Can Academy – San Antonio Can…
 Category: Community Event                    
San Antonio – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 6, 2018
Texas A&M San Antonio One University WaySan Antonio, TX…
 Category: Community Event                    
Westcreek – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 7, 2018
Southwestern Baptist Theological SeminaryTruett Auditorium…
 Category: Community Event                    
Austin – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 8, 2018
St. James Missionary Baptist Church3417 E. Martin Luther KingAustin, TX…
 Category: Community Event                    
Lancaster – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 11, 2018
Southwestern Baptist Theological SeminaryTruett Auditorium2001 W. Seminary DriveFort Worth, TX…
 Category: Community Event                    
View More Events
press releases
Dallas Can Academies To Honor Philanthropists Janelle and Larry Friedman
February 23, 2018
Dallas Can Academies, a non-profit dropout recovery high school system, will honor longtime philanthropists, Janelle and Larry Friedman at the annual Dallas Can Academies Cares for Kids Luncheon this March.
Janelle and Larry Friedman will be recognized for their generosity and dedication to helping children overcome obstacles. Demonstrating early on their commitment to education, family, and community, event planners say the Friedmans added two young children to their family who were in need of a safe and secure home and raised them along with their own children. The couple has now worked together for 34 years to help children throughout the community.
The Friedmans and their law firm, Friedman & Feiger, have been at the forefront of numerous local charities that benefit children. Each year, the Friedman & Feiger Foundation donates time and fund-raising efforts to notable children’s charities such as Wednesday’s Child, Children’s Medical Center and the Salvation Army’s Gene and Jerry Jones Center for Children.
Janelle and Larry Friedman also co-chaired the 100th Anniversary of the Jewish Federation of Greater Dallas.
Janelle Friedman initiated and continues to lead an etiquette program for students who attend Dallas Can Academy.
During the sessions, the students learn etiquette, social and professional skills as well as preparing for college and job opportunities after graduation. Mrs. Friedman also invites motivational speakers to talk with the students about skills to use to achieve their dreams and future success.
Proceeds from the 2018 Dallas Can Academies Cares for Kids Luncheon event will benefit the students of Dallas Can Academies who seek a second chance and renewed hope of economic independence through a high school education. More than 2,200 Texans Can Academies students earned their high school diplomas in 2017. Texans Can Academies believes a high-quality education for all students, especially those who have struggled in a non-traditional high school setting is the key to ensuring economic independence and success.
The luncheon’s Honorary Chairs are Carol and Steve Aaron.
Download
and Read Full Article
all
Social Media Hub
fb
tw
yt
in
Home
Schools and Programs
ABOUT
Parent/Student
Support Texans Can
News & Events
Contact
Alumni
Texans Can Academies
325 W. 12th Street, Dallas, TX, 75208
Phone: 
214-944-1985
 | Fax: 214-944-1930
JORDAN’S STORY
It is safe to say Jordan never focused on school. He hung out wit…
Read Jordan's Story
Careers at Texans Can Academies
Copyright © 2018 Texans Can Academies. All Rights Reserved |  501(c)(3) non-profit organization EIN is 75-2251099.
Custom web design by: 
Big D Creative
 | 
Sitemap
f