ABOUT TEXANS CAN
Our story
Leadership
Board of Trustees
Required Disclosures
Procurement & Business Opportunities
Careers
Human Resources
CAMPUS LOCATIONS
Austin
Dallas Ross Avenue
Dallas Grant East
Carrollton / Farmers Branch
Dallas Pleasant Grove
Dallas Oak Cliff
Fort Worth Lancaster Avenue
Fort Worth Westcreek
Garland
Highlands
Houston Hobby
Houston Southwest
Houston North
San Antonio
News & Events
Calendar
Support Texans Can!
Donate
Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund
Countdown to Class 2017
Dehart Memorial Scholarship Fund
Our Impact
Parents & Students
Student Assistance Program
Texans Can Pre-K
Student Stories
Curriculum
College and Career Readiness
Student Nutrition
Child Care
Parent Portal
Alumni Association
Contact Us
Newsletter Sign Up
News & Events Message List
menu
fb
tw
yt
in
Donate
Cars for Kids
Enroll Now!
News & Events
Upcoming Events
2018 Texans Can Academy – San Antonio Can Motherhood: A Lifetime Achievement Award Luncheon
May 22, 2018
Texans Can Academy – San Antonio Can will honor Rosemary Kowalski at the 2018 Texans Can Academy – San Antonio Can…
 Category: Community Event                    
San Antonio – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 6, 2018
Texas A&M San Antonio One University WaySan Antonio, TX…
 Category: Community Event                    
Westcreek – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 7, 2018
Southwestern Baptist Theological SeminaryTruett Auditorium…
 Category: Community Event                    
Austin – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 8, 2018
St. James Missionary Baptist Church3417 E. Martin Luther KingAustin, TX…
 Category: Community Event                    
Lancaster – June 2018 – Graduation
Jun 11, 2018
Southwestern Baptist Theological SeminaryTruett Auditorium2001 W. Seminary DriveFort Worth, TX…
 Category: Community Event                    
View More Events
press releases
Fort Worth High School Students Learn How to Make Prescription Eye Glasses
February 27, 2018
Texans Can Academy – Fort Worth Westcreek has recently paired with volunteer optometrist, Dr. Gayle Daniels, to launch a new program at the school called Eye Tech Academy. Dr. Daniels chose the Fort Worth Westcreek campus, located at 6620 Westcreek Drive, as the pilot school to teach a group of selected students the skills and knowledge to become an Optician including anatomy and function of the eye, understanding written prescriptions, frame styling, adjustment, repairs and dispensing as well as cutting the prescription lenses to make a complete pair of eye glasses.
The pilot Eye Tech Academy program consists of a group of eight junior and senior high school students from Texans Can Academy – Fort Worth Westcreek. Upon completion of the program, students will be offered the opportunity to interview for local optical career-based positions to continue to utilize their new skills.
“It’s important to our schools to engage with the community and be able to get our students ready for life after graduation,” said Ku-masi Lewis, principal of Texans Can Academy – Fort Worth Westcreek. “This group will be able to finish the Eye Tech Academy program knowing they have a marketable skill during their career search.”
The program offers 13 weekly sessions with Dr. Daniels at the Fort Worth Westcreek campus. The volunteer optometrist teaches exposure to the career of being an Optician including proper selecting of frames, measuring of pupillary distance and bifocal height, tracing the frames and edging the lenses.
Along with the classroom teaching, the students will participate in four to five events where they will be able to apply their training in the Fort Worth community. Five students from the program recently participated in their first event on Wednesday, February 14, when they visited the Union Gospel Mission. The Eye Tech Academy collaborated with Community Eye Clinic to help with eye examinations for the unsheltered adults living along the E. Lancaster corridor. The group was able to examine 35 adults, make and dispense 19 pairs of glasses on site, within 3 hours. Inside the mobile lab, SeeMore, the students assisted with pulling the prescription lenses, mounting the finished lenses and dispensing the glasses to the patients.
“I was so proud of the students’ performance during their first community clinic and experience with actual patients,” said by Dr. Daniels, Director of the Eye Tech Academy program and Founder of Daniel Migael Foundation, Inc. “They were professional, respectful and demonstrated confidence while helping the patients.”
Download Full Article
all
Social Media Hub
fb
tw
yt
in
Home
Schools and Programs
ABOUT
Parent/Student
Support Texans Can
News & Events
Contact
Alumni
Texans Can Academies
325 W. 12th Street, Dallas, TX, 75208
Phone: 
214-944-1985
 | Fax: 214-944-1930
ANNA MARIE’S STORY
Her father was an aggressive alcoholic who beat his wife and children…
Read Anna Marie's Story
Careers at Texans Can Academies
Copyright © 2018 Texans Can Academies. All Rights Reserved |  501(c)(3) non-profit organization EIN is 75-2251099.
Custom web design by: 
Big D Creative
 | 
Sitemap
f