Skip to main content
Lafayette Academy Charter School
Google Translate
Home
About Us
Welcome
School Overview
School Culture
Public Charter
Choice Foundation
School History
Our Unique Program
Directions
Bus Routes
Photo Album
Video Gallery
School Achievements
In the News
How to Apply
Teach at Lafayette
Academics
Classes/Homework
LEAP/iLEAP Support
Library
Students
Classes/Homework
Student Handbook
Sports & Extra-Curricular
School Activities
Disclaimers
Student Fees
Homework Assistance
Parents
School Calendar
Contact Teachers
Handbook
The Lion Pride
Volunteer Opportunities
Forms
Family Resources
Book of the Month
Kid Friendly Links
Disclaimers
Seclusion and Restraint
Issues and Concerns
Staff
Staff Directory
Faculty/Staff Calendar
Administrators Calendar
Staff Only
Access School Email
Access Trouble Trakker
Access Work Trakker
Business Office Web Portal
Disclaimers
Board
Members
Choice Foundation
Charter Schools
Meeting Dates
Board Documents
Custodian of Public Records
Issues and Concerns
Alumni
Welcome
News and Announcements
Alumni Directory
Photo Albums
Memoirs
Get Involved
Volunteer
Donate
												School History									
Lafayette Academy is located on the site of the former Lafayette Elementary school which was closed in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
Lafayette Academy was opened as a public charter school for the 2006/2007 school year by the Choice Foundation, which retained an educational management company to oversee the day-to-day operations of the school. After a disappointing first year, the Choice Foundation replaced the management team with Mickey Landry taking the lead as Head of School. School performance has increased dramatically. In its first year of operation, only 33% of the School’s 4th grade passed the state LEAP test. The following school year under new leadership, 82% passed. In 2008/2009, the school's success continued with an impressive 98.9% of 4th graders passing the LEAP test. While Lafayette continues to thrive, we work hard every day to improve the education we provide our students.
Our students suffered significantly as a result of Hurricane Katrina. They were the faces in the Superdome and the New Orleans Convention Center. Many of these young people did not attend school in 2005-2006 causing them to fall behind academically. Recovery work still continues in New Orleans, both for the city and for its families. Lafayette Academy represents a safe, predictable and caring institution that our children can rely on even as their families continue to put their lives back in order.
As Mickey Landry, Excutive Director of Choice Foundation, said to a gathering of new teachers, “Lafayette Academy Charter School is a beacon of light for the students who attend school with us. We believe it is our solemn duty to succeed. We must succeed! As educators, we have a chance to build a school that will succeed, and we cannot fail another generation of children. Everyone who works at Lafayette commits to being part of a team that will see to it that the school succeeds. It’s about us, and it’s about our children.”
			© Copyright Lafayette Academy Charter School 
			2727 South Carrollton Avenue, New Orleans, LA 70118 
			Phone: (504) 861-8370 • Fax: (504) 861-8369		
Contact Us
powered by Educational Networks