Home
News
Calendar
Board
Finance
Payments
Lunch Orders
Menu
About Us
Mission & Values
Our Story
Founders
Photos & Videos
Our Favorite Links
FAQ’s
Accountability
Testimonials
Our Programs
Programs
Academic Curriculum
Social Emotional Curriculum
Before & After School
Our Team
Teacher Directory
Teacher Assistants
Support Staff
Administration
Board
Parents
Parent Association
Innovations Academy News
Calendar & Schedule
School Supply List 17-18
Forms & Handbooks
Fundraising
Learning at Home
Extended Care
Volunteer Opportunities
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
How to Apply
Lottery Information
Accepted Applicants
School Tours
Student Application Form
Fundraising
Dance
Donate
Gift Cards
Family Friendly- Food Trucks
Maven & Mason Market 2018
Pledge Drive
Scholastic Book Fair
Other Fundraising Links
Contact Us
School Information
Tours
16-17 Local Indicators
Innovations Academy administration apologizes for neglecting to complete they local indicators for the 16-17 school year by the deadline. Due to this error, our dashboard is inaccurate. The Local Priority Indicators on the dashboard identified as “NOT MET” are indeed MET. Below, find the accurate information to help you understand our standing in the local priorities.
Local Priority #1 Appropriately Assigned Teachers, Access to Curriculum-Aligned Instructional Materials, and Safe, Clean and Functional School Facilities
Standard: Local educational agency annually measures its progress in meeting the Williams settlement requirements at 100% at all of its school sites, as applicable, and promptly addresses any complaints or other deficiencies identified throughout the academic year, as applicable; and provides information annually on progress meeting this standard to its local governing board and to stakeholders and the public through the evaluation rubrics.
Number/percentage of misassignments of teachers of English learners, total teacher misassignments, and vacant teacher positions:
[LEA Submission] 0
Number/percentage of students without access to their own copies of standards-aligned instructional materials for use at school and at home:
[LEA Submission] 0
Number of identified instances where facilities do not meet the “good repair” standard (including deficiencies and extreme deficiencies):
[LEA Submission] 0
Local Priority #2 Implementation of Academic Standards
Standard: Local educational agency annually measures its progress implementing state academic standards and reports the results to its local governing board at a regularly scheduled meeting of the local governing board and to stakeholders and the public through the evaluation rubrics.
The adopted academic standards are:
English Language Arts – Common Core State Standards for English Language Arts
English Language Development (aligned to Common Core State Standards for English Language Arts)
Mathematics – Common Core State Standards for Mathematics
Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS)
History-Social Science Standards and Framework
Career Technical Education (grades 7-8)
Health Education Content Standards
Physical Education Model Content Standards
Visual and Performing Arts Standards
World Language: Spanish language taught in 6-8 grades.
Progress Narrative:
Innovations Academy fully integrates the above listed academic standards into a project based and hands on learning environment. Each year we conduct a review that coincides with LCAP review. We utilize the state assessment program, the NWEA Measure of Academic Progress and the Developmental Reading Assessment (DRA) to evaluate progress towards full mastery of all standards. Additionally, visual and performing arts, public speaking, physical education and health are taught in our Explorations Program and our middle school students experience Spanish as a world language.
Local Priority #3 Parent Engagement
Standard: Local educational agency annually measures its progress implementing state academic standards and reports the results to its local governing board at a regularly scheduled meeting of the local governing board and to stakeholders and the public through the evaluation rubrics.
Innovations Academy conducts an annual survey during early spring inviting all parents/guardians to participate. Parents/Guardians are asked to provide feedback on parent communication, attendance, use of technology, curriculum and discipline. The information obtained is used to inform our LCAP and goal setting for the following school year. As a charter school, and therefore a school of choice, we consider parent engagement and satisfaction to be crucial to our program. Additionally, parents choose to participate by joining our Parent Connection group, volunteering in a variety of ways (driving on field trips, reading in the classroom, assisting teachers, helping with fundraisers and serving lunch, creating and implementing family events and much more). Parents are always welcome on campus and their support is appreciated.
Local Priority #6 Local Climate Survey
Standard: Local educational agency administers a local climate survey at least every other year that provides a valid measure of perceptions of school safety and connectedness, such as the California Healthy Kids Survey, to students in at least one grade within the grade span(s) that the local educational agency serves (e.g., K-5, 6-8, 9-12), and reports the results to its local governing board at a regularly scheduled meeting of the local governing board and to stakeholders and he public through the evaluation rubrics.
Innovations Academy is a small school with a strong social emotional program woven into the academic curriculum. Just a few components of our social emotional program are daily morning meetings, a minimum of one weekly class council meeting for problem solving, mindfulness practice at a minimum of twice daily, a Solution Center staffed with an MFT designated to support the teaching of self-regulation and mindfulness and a discipline program that is built upon the Adlerian roots of Positive Discipline. Our entire staff is trained in Positive Discipline techniques. Our discipline practices integrate restorative practices which seek solutions to conflict and community infractions.
About Us
Our Programs
Our Team
Parents
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
Fundraising
Contact Us
Innovations Academy Charter School
10380 Spring Canyon Rd. San Diego, CA 92131
Phone: 858-271-1414 | 
info@innovationsacademy.org
© Copyright 2016 Innovations Academy. All rights reserved.
Newsletter Signup Form
Sign up for our newsletter.
Email
*
Comments
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.