Home
News
Calendar
Board
Finance
Payments
Lunch Orders
Menu
About Us
Mission & Values
Our Story
Founders
Photos & Videos
Our Favorite Links
FAQ’s
Accountability
Testimonials
Our Programs
Programs
Academic Curriculum
Social Emotional Curriculum
Before & After School
Our Team
Teacher Directory
Teacher Assistants
Support Staff
Administration
Board
Parents
Parent Association
Innovations Academy News
Calendar & Schedule
School Supply List 17-18
Forms & Handbooks
Fundraising
Learning at Home
Extended Care
Volunteer Opportunities
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
How to Apply
Lottery Information
Accepted Applicants
School Tours
Student Application Form
Fundraising
Dance
Donate
Gift Cards
Family Friendly- Food Trucks
Maven & Mason Market 2018
Pledge Drive
Scholastic Book Fair
Other Fundraising Links
Contact Us
School Information
Tours
FAQ’s
Frequently Asked Questions
What is a Charter School?
Charter Schools are independent public schools providing choices for families and greater accountability for results. Charter Schools give the local community the flexibility in deciding their own curriculum, staffing, and budgets.
Does it cost anything to go to IA?
No!  Innovations Academy is a public school and is funded by ADA just as other public schools so there is no tuition.  It’s free!
Are there admissions requirements?
Innovations Academy accepts students on a first come, first serve basis during the school year.  We expect all new families to attend an information session before enrolling.  If an excess of students apply for the following year, a public lottery is held for new students.
As a Project Based Learning school with a discipline policy that is relationship based we ask that you be in alignment and support these main ideas :
that we do not use rewards and punishments as motivators and
we believe that all children learn best through exploration as opposed to worksheets and textbooks.
Where is Innovations Academy located?
Innovations is located at 10380 Spring Canyon Rd. San Diego, CA 92131. We are leasing this facility from the San Diego Unified School District. It is a beautiful facility located in Scripps Ranch.
What ages does this school work with?
IA accepts students in K–8. Kindergartners must be 5 by September 1st to enroll for the 2016-17 school year.  We feel that it never hurts a child to wait to enter school but it can be a hindrance for a child, either socially or academically, to enter Kindergarten too early. In support of children we recommend that parents keep their child home as long as possible.
What size is the school?
Approximately 25 students in grades 1-8 and 20 students in Kindergarten. We currently have approximately 420 students enrolled.
What makes Innovations Academy unique?
Everything!
Scheduling: We have created a hybrid model in which families can choose to attend either a 2 or 3 day per week program schedule, or a 5 day per week schedule.
Curriculum: We have a non-textbook Project Based Learning program which uses an inquiry approach to exploring and learning. Subjects are integrated as students seek to answer essential questions and develop a voice and self-expression as drivers of their own learning process. The thinking is deep and the student work is significant and meaningful.
Respect for Children: We implement a strong social emotional program in which students learn to problem solve with peers, implement conflict resolution skills to work through challenges and become active members of a democracy. The overarching principle is that students are seen as complete persons thereby placing their emotional, social, and academic needs on a single plane.
Our program offers many things that public schools cannot currently provide such as the arts, PE, and smaller class sizes.  You can get a private education at the public school price.
Do you offer before and after care? What are the current enrichment options?
A.  Yes! Innovations Extended Care Program is dedicated to creating a fun and creative environment that will inspire students to learn new skills, make new friends, and enjoy being a kid!
A few facts about Extended Care:
1. Before care begins at 7:00am and after care ends at 6:00pm.
2. Student/Staff ratio of 20:1.
3. Use of collaborative problem solving for behavior management… just like during the school day.
Can I get involved in the Innovative program?
Yes! Volunteers are welcome to participate in our program. Visitors who are interested are welcome to explore the endless possibilities of rethinking education.
How can I help?
This is a question that you can most likely answer best. What are your passions, skills, needs? Tell us! Send us an email or give us a call.
We are currently very interested in the following:
Businesses, individuals, and groups becoming Education Innovators.
Board members to play an active role in the governance of the school.
Families interested in creating a high quality school like no other.
Individuals who don’t find themselves in any category above but are interested in working on a team to create a great school.
About Us
Mission & Values
Our Story
Founders
Photos & Videos
Our Favorite Links
FAQ’s
Accountability
Testimonials
About Us
Our Programs
Our Team
Parents
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
Fundraising
Contact Us
Innovations Academy Charter School
10380 Spring Canyon Rd. San Diego, CA 92131
Phone: 858-271-1414 | 
info@innovationsacademy.org
© Copyright 2016 Innovations Academy. All rights reserved.
Newsletter Signup Form
Sign up for our newsletter.
Email
*
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.