Home
News
Calendar
Board
Finance
Payments
Lunch Orders
Menu
About Us
Mission & Values
Our Story
Founders
Photos & Videos
Our Favorite Links
FAQ’s
Accountability
Testimonials
Our Programs
Programs
Academic Curriculum
Social Emotional Curriculum
Before & After School
Our Team
Teacher Directory
Teacher Assistants
Support Staff
Administration
Board
Parents
Parent Association
Innovations Academy News
Calendar & Schedule
School Supply List 17-18
Forms & Handbooks
Fundraising
Learning at Home
Extended Care
Volunteer Opportunities
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
How to Apply
Lottery Information
Accepted Applicants
School Tours
Student Application Form
Fundraising
Dance
Donate
Gift Cards
Family Friendly- Food Trucks
Maven & Mason Market 2018
Pledge Drive
Scholastic Book Fair
Other Fundraising Links
Contact Us
School Information
Tours
Social Emotional Curriculum
Social Emotional Learning is the process by which life effectiveness skills are learned. At IA we understand the importance of developing social and emotional intelligence, the ability to interact effectively with others and strong character and integrity.  Our morning meetings are designed to promote community connection and effective communication. Students greet each other, share with each other and set a positive tone for the day . At afternoon class council meetings they discuss what is working, what is not working and solve situations as a community. Over the year, teachers and staff will model communication techniques for the students to learn as well. Our social emotional  program is the thread that weaves our program together. It has been inspired and influenced by the following :
Positive Discipline
, created by Jane Nelsen, is about creating respectful relationships in homes and schools.  Learn more about how IA uses Positive Discipline by reading about us in the 
Voice of San Diego
.
The 
8toGreat
 program encourages students to become self-reflective members of our community. This program shows students how to take “Highways” (instead of the low road) to living life fully every day. Some curriculum areas include Gratitude, Full Responsibility, Risks, and Hope.
Compassionate Communication
 enables students to speak their feelings and needs while making requests. Students learn why empathy is so important for themselves and for others. This program is a powerful way to make students feel heard as well as empowering them to discover their own voice.
The 
Responsive Classroom
 is an approach to teaching that emphasizes social, emotional, and academic growth in a strong and safe school community. Taught by teachers at the Northeast Foundation, it is based on the premise that children learn best when they have both academic and social-emotional skills.
Our Programs
Programs
Academic Curriculum
Social Emotional Curriculum
Before & After School
Corporate Sponsorship Opportunities
About Us
Our Programs
Our Team
Parents
Inquiry Based Projects
Admissions
Fundraising
Contact Us
Innovations Academy Charter School
10380 Spring Canyon Rd. San Diego, CA 92131
Phone: 858-271-1414 | 
info@innovationsacademy.org
© Copyright 2016 Innovations Academy. All rights reserved.
Newsletter Signup Form
Sign up for our newsletter.
Email
*
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.