Wordpress Login
Log in
Staff Links
Skyward
Calkins
Volunteer Hours
School Messenger
Employee Access
More Staff Links
Aesop
Technology Help Desk
Note: This link can only be accessed through a computer located within the district.
				800 E. North Shore Drive, Hartland,  Wisconsin 53029			
		        			LIFE Entrepreneurial Middle School				        			
 | (262) 369-6767  |  Health Room (262) 369-6765			        							
Home Page
District
Schools
Hartland North Elementary
Hartland Fine Arts Leadership Academy
Hartland South Elementary
Hartland School of Community Learning
North Shore Middle School
Parents
School Supply Lists
2017-2018 Student Calendar
eFunds
Family Access
Food Service
Nutrislice Interactive Menus and Nutrition Informaiton
eFunds
Free & Reduced Information and Application
Friday Folders
Daily Schedule
Athletics
Middle School Athletics
ONLINE REGISTRATION
Girls Basketball (Grades 5 – 8)
Boys Basketball (Grades 5 – 8)
Cheerleading (Grades 5 – 6)
Boys Volleyball (Grades 6 – 8)
Track and Field/Runners Club (Grades 6 – 8)
Girls Volleyball (Grades 6 – 8)
Athletics FAQs
Conference Schools & Directions
District Nurse
Health Room Information and Forms
Special Services
Gifted & Talented
Special Education
Community Resources
3 & 4 Year-Old Screening
Speech & Language Services
District Resources
Speech and Language Development
Tips for Language Building
Programs Offered
Parent Resources
PTO (Parent/Teacher Organization)
School Closings
News & Events
Calendar
Contact
Contact Us
School Hours
Staff Members
Speech and Language Development
Normal Speech and Language Development of Children Ages 0-7
Below you will find some helpful information that you can use to gauge the development of your child. These milestones are general and small fluctuations may be seen. When a child is missing a number of the given milestones an evaluation by a Speech-Language Pathologist is recommended.
At age 0 to 3 months, your child . . .
Exhibits an undifferentiated cry
Produces some vowels such as ah, eh, uh
Produces a small variety of non-cry sounds
Exhibits a differentiated cry Is cooing/gurgling
Produces single syllables
Begins blowing bubbles
Has a startle response to loud sounds
Visually tracks while on back
Moves eyes toward a sound and attends to a voice
Fixes gaze on spoon or bottle
Watches light
Briefly holds and inspects 2 objects (1-4 months)
Puts objects in mouth
Briefly looks at people
Follows moving person with eyes
Hands are predominantly closed
No reaching/grasping objects
Opens/closes hand when touched
Quiets in response to sound especially speech
Reacts to paper or cloth on face
Raises head when face down
Smiles/coos in response to another smile/voice (1 – 4 months)
Excites when a caregiver approaches (1-4 months)
Is aware of strangers and unfamiliar places (1 – 4 months)
Cries differently when tired, hungry, or in pain (1 – 4 months)
At age 3 to 6 months, your child . . .
Begins to babble with double syllables, nasal tone, and/or using /m/
Begins to vocalize pleasure and displeasure
Stops vocalizing when an adult enters
Begins to self-initiate vocal play
Coos, chuckles, gurgles, and laugh.
Babbles to self, others, and objects
Babbles with pitch and inflection changes
Vocally expresses eagerness
Anticipates feeding when sees the bottle
Watches movement patterns
Smiles at the sight of a face
Recognizes spoon or bottle
Laughs when playing with objects
Raises head and chest when on stomach
Puts objects in mouth
Watches his/her hands
Plays actively when propped up for 10-15 minutes
Looks intently at, reaches for and then shakes a rattle when put in hand
Pays attention to cube on table
Generally inspects surroundings
Smiles and touches mirror image
Increases activity at the sight of a toy
Works for a toy out of reach
Head control established at midline
Bangs with object held in hand
Transfers object held in hand
Rolls over both ways
At age 6 to 9 months, your child . . .
Uses m, n, t, d, b, p in babbling multiple syllables
Songlike intonational patterns
Uses wide variety of sound combinations
Imitates intonation and speech sounds in his/her won repertoire
Reduplicative babbling begins – bababa
Attempts to imitate gestures
Understands parental gestures
Looks at some common objects and family members when named
Understands “no” – stops on command
Interest in pictures maintained for full minute while they are named
Searches for partially hidden objects (4-8 months)
Bangs objects together
Performs many actions on objects – shakes, tears, slides, mouths, rubs
Imitates ringing of bell
Grasps a dangling object
Explores a toy with fingers and mouth
Sits without support
Uses finger and thumb to pick up small objects
Drinks from a cup
Uses hands and eyes together
Imitates arm movements
Bangs spoon on a table
Pulls self to a standing position
Crawls on stomach
Initiates vocalizing to another person
Enjoys being played with (4-8 months)
Different vocalization for anger, contentment, hunger, etc.
Recognizes familiar people (9 months)
Imitates familiar sounds and actions
At age 9 to 12 months, your child . . .
Vocalizes and jabbers loudly using a wide variety of sounds and intonational patterns
Uses most sounds (consonant and vowel) in vocal play
May acquire the first true word any where from 10-18 months old
Begins to combine different syllables during play
Will give a block, toy, or object on request
Understands and follows simple commands regarding an action
Looks in a correct place for out of sight toys
Turns head when someone says his/her name
Understands the meaning of hot
Indicates displeasure when a desired object is removed
Gestures and/or vocalizes to indicate wants/needs
Begins to play with toys appropriately
Deliberately drops toys and watches them fall
Plays ball with another person
Puts objects in and takes objects out of a large container
Holds a crayon and imitates a scribble
Takes a few steps with help
Stacks rings on pegs
Throws objects intentionally
Shouts to attract attention
Shakes head “no” and pushes object away
Waves “bye” A
ffectionate to familiar people
Begins directing other people through pushing, pulling, etc.
Holds arms up to be picked up
Stranger awareness begins
Participates in pat-a-cake, peek-a-boo, etc.
Begins to repeat actions when laughed at
Reaches to request an object
Begins to imitate new sounds and/or actions
At age 1 to 1 ½ years, your child . . .
Uses sentence-like intonations called jargon
Uses most vowels and consonants in jargon
Omits final consonants and some initial consonants
Basically unintelligible (not understandable) with the exception of a few sounds
Words produced with a consonant-vowel (CV) combination such as bo/boat
Accurately imitates some words
Follows simple one-step commands
Points to recognized and wanted objects
Begins to “possess” specific objects
Points to one to three body parts on command
Identifies two or more pictures from a group
Perceives others’ emotions
Uses three to 20 words of which 50% are nouns
Average length of a response is one or two words
Vocalizes with gestures
Says “all gone” and “more”
Answers question “what’s this?”
Engages mostly in solitary play
Participates in continual walking activities and begins to run (stiff and awkwardly)
Scribbles spontaneously with a crayon
Can remove mittens, socks, hat, and can unzip a zipper
Beginning of problem solving (opening doors, reaching high places)
Imitates many actions such as sweeping and combing hair
Pulls or carry/holds toys
Very rapid attention shifts
Brings object to show an adult
May begin to use word approximations to request objects or attention
Says “bye” and a few other ritual words which may include “hi”, “thank you”, and “please”
Protests by saying “no”, shaking head, or pushing toy away
Comments on object/action by directing someone’s attention through pointing and vocalizing/word approximations
Answers simple what questions with a word approximation (may be unintelligible)
Acknowledges the speech of another by looking at them, vocally responding, or repeating the word
Teases, scolds, or warns with a word approximation
At age 1-1/2 to 2 years, your child . . .
Uses mostly words, jargon usually gone by about age 2
Approximately 50 recognizable words
Asks questions by a rising inflectional pattern
Improvement of intelligibility – about 65% intelligible by age 2
Appearance of words produced with a CVC pattern such as hot
Uses names of most familiar objects
Either uses the animal name or sound
Verbalizes toilet needs (closer to 2) either before, during, or after the act
Identifies and names at least 5 pictures by age 2
Says own name upon request
Verbalizes immediate experiences
Combines two words into phrases and may use three- to four-words
Begins to use some verbs and adjectives 1/3 of utterances are nouns
Comprehends about 300 words
Listens to a story and pictures as they are being named
Points to five body parts or more
Responds appropriately to yes/no questions
Discriminates food from other objects
Follows directions using one or two spatial concepts (i.e. on/in)
Negation used in the form of “no” (no bed)
Possessive emerging (daddy car)
Refers to self with pronoun and name (me Kurt)
Plays near others but not with them (parallel play)
Talks to self as he/she plays
Has little interest in what others say and do but gives hugs, pushes, pulls, grabs, and defends rights by pulling hair and kicking
May not ask for help
Strings beads
Puts blocks in a wagon instead of building with them
Relates action to another object like combing a doll’s hair
Likes to play with play dough
Less rapid attention shifts
Names objects in front of others
Says ‘what’s this’ to elicit attention
Begins using single and two words to command (“more”), indicate possession (“mine”), and express problems (“owie”)
Participates in increased verbal turn-taking
At age 2 to 2 ½ years, your child . . .
Should be understood about 70% of the time
Might leave off final sounds in words
Might substitute one consonant for another
Understands about 500 words
Can listen to a short story
Can follow two directions at a time
Uses about 200 words
Can answer “where” and “what ? doing” questions
Uses two pronouns correctly
Uses “in” and “on”
Combines three to four words in a short sentence
At age 2 ½ to 3 years, your child . . .
Should be understood about 80% of the time
Can use these sound in words: p m n w h
Understands about 900 words
Can listen to a 20 minute story
Understands in, on, under, big, little
Matches colors and shapes
Uses about 500 understandable words
Answers simple yes/no questions
Answers simple who, what, why where, how many questions
Asks simple questions
Begins to use “is” and more pronouns
Verbally express their emotions
Uses words to get your attention
Uses language in imaginative ways
Has short conversations
At age 3 to 3 ½ years, your child . . .
Uses final consonants in words most of the time
Can be understood by you all of the time
Understands about 1,200 words
Understands the concepts: in front, behind, hard/soft, rough/smooth, circle, square,
Follows simple two step directions
Uses about 800 words
Answers simple “how” Asks “what” and “who” questions
Labels or states actions Uses “is”, “are”, and “am” in sentences
Combines 4 and 5 words in sentences
Is beginning to play cooperatively with peers Is beginning to share
At age 3 ½ to 4 years, your child . . .
Uses the following consonants correctly: b d k g f y
Can be understood by an unfamiliar listener all of the time
Understands 1500 to 2000 words
Can follow directions involving three actions
Is beginning to recognize colors Uses 1000 to 1500 words
Tells about two events in order
Asks “how”, “why”, and “when” questions
Has long, detailed conversations
Can tell a story
Uses pronouns correctly, he, she, I, you, me, mine
Likes to pretend and role play
Can be bossy and likes to correct others
Beginning to tell jokes and teases others with language
At age 4 to 4 ½ years, your child . . .
Should be very easy to understand
Understands the concepts: top/bottom, above/below, between
Can recognize two to three colors and name one color
Can count to 10 Can tell the function of some objects
Uses good imaginative play
Combines four to seven words in sentences
Uses the pronouns, “our”, “they”, and “their”
Uses this, that, here, and there
At age 4 ½ to 5 years, your child . . .
Uses most consonant sounds consistently but not in all contexts
May have difficulty with some consonant blends
Understands 2500 to 2800 words
Knows the following concepts: heavy/light, loud/soft, like/unlike, long/short
Identifies most primary colors
Answers simple “when” questions
Asks the meaning of words
Is able to tell a long story
Uses “his” and “her” accurately
Uses five to eight words in a sentence
Is able to play cooperatively in groups of two to five children
Is beginning to develop friendships
At age 5 to 6 years, your child . . .
Is using the consonants, t, ing, and l consistently in words
Understands 13,000 words
Understands opposites
Understands the following concepts: yesterday/tomorrow, more/less, some/many, several/few, most/least, before/after, now/later, across, pair
Names basic colors
Can tell how objects are the same and how they are different
Can state the order of objects: 1st, 2nd, 3rd
Names the days of the week
Uses all pronouns consistently
Uses comparatives and superlatives: er and est endings in words
Is able to play games by the rules
At age 6 to 7 years, your child . . .
Has mastered the following consonants: sh, ch, j,voiceless th ( r, s, z, and voiced th could take until age 8 to master)
Understands 20,000 to 26,000 words
Understands seasons and concepts of time
Can state personal information, address, phone, etc.
Can answer “why” questions Uses “have” and “has” correctly most of the time
Can tell a story with a well developed plot and characters in sequence
Uses irregular plurals with more consistency
Can spend hours on one activity
Enjoys spending more time alone in play
Enjoys games and funny books
Some information taken from the Speech and Language Development Chart by ProEd.
Remember these ages are approximations; there is always an average range. If you have questions and concerns please call the Speech Therapist as listed by school. Speech, Language & Motor Development Milestones KidsHealth
Quick Links
District Calendar
Family Access
eFunds
News & Events
Contact Us
School Closings
Schools
Hartland Lakeside School Disctrict
Hartland North Elementary
Hartland Fine Arts Leadership Academy
Hartland South Elementary
Hartland School of Community Learning
North Shore Middle School
Contact Us
LIFE Charter Middle
800 North Shore Drive
Hartland, Wisconsin 53029
Phone: (262) 369-6767
Fax: (262) 369-6755
Website Design by 
Matt Gerber Designs
Copyright © 2014 Hartland Lakeside School District, All Rights Reserved. 
                                                        .                                                
Home Page
District
  ▼  
Schools
Hartland North Elementary
Hartland Fine Arts Leadership Academy
Hartland South Elementary
Hartland School of Community Learning
North Shore Middle School
 ▲  
Parents
School Supply Lists
2017-2018 Student Calendar
eFunds
Family Access
Food Service
Friday Folders
Daily Schedule
Athletics
District Nurse
Special Services
PTO (Parent/Teacher Organization)
School Closings
News & Events
Calendar
  ▼  
Contact
Contact Us
School Hours
Staff Members