        <style>            .dropdown-toggle:hover + .dropdown-menu { display:block; }            .navbar-header:hover + .collapse, .collapse:hover { display: block; }            .navbar-nav .dropdown-toggle:hover > .dropdown-menu { position: static; float: none; width: auto; margin-top: 0; background-color: transparent; -webkit-box-shadow: none; box-shadow: none; border: none; }            .dropdown-menu:hover { display: block; }        </style>    
English
Español
Middle School
High School
Quest Home
Sobre nosotros
Expect More Video
Historia
Misión
Visión
Valores Fundamentales
Preguntas Más Frecuentes
Promesa
Información Sobre Las Escuelas Autónomas
Reporte Anual
At A Glance Report Card
Boletines
Notas de Prensa
Tablero
Miembros
Las Agendas de Reuniones
Acta de la Reunión
Políticas
FOIA
Empleo
Aberturas
Solicitud
Comunidad
¿Por qué Misiones
Cómo Aplicar
Personal
Secure Site
Welcome to Quest
Dear Parents, Students, and Community Members,
Welcome to the 2017-2018 school year!  There are many exciting changes that will be taking place this year, not the least of which is our move to a balanced calendar, making our first full day of school, Tuesday, August 1. A balanced calendar is the exact same number of school days we have always had, they are simply more spaced out which results in more frequent breaks throughout the year, and a slightly shorter summer break. Being a charter school, Quest can, and is expected to try new, innovative and cutting-edge ideas. Our ultimate goal is outstanding academic achievement and ensuring our students are fully prepared for college and careers. We truly believe moving to a balanced calendar will result in higher retention of student learning, higher test scores, a higher attendance rate and fewer tardies, less teacher stress and turnover, increased staff communication and planning, and increased positive school culture.
A second exciting change is the implementation of career academies at Quest High School. The career academies will take our high school students on a deep dive in a field of interest. All extra-curriculars, clubs and courses will be woven through the academies, providing our students with several hands-on, experiential learning opportunities throughout their high school years.
Finally, we are also excited to announce the launch of the Summit Learning pilot in our 6th grade.  This very personalized approach to learning is going to be life changing for our students. We hope you will come to see learning happening in a very unique, one-to-one, personalized and flexible environment!
If you are a community member or prospective parent and would like to visit us, please call. We would love to have our students give you a tour and tell you about their school. If you are a parent, I encourage you to fully participate in your child’s education by having a presence at school functions, volunteering at school, etc. We have an aggressive goal of having more than 75% parental involvement and we need your help!  Together, we can do amazing things for our scholars! 
I wish you all the best this year.  We know that you have a choice in your child’s education, and we feel honored that you chose us.  Together we are on a “Quest to be the best”!  Welcome and enjoy the journey!
Sincerely,
Nicole Couri Wood, Ph.D.
 Executive Director
 Quest Charter Academy
Read More
Strategy Three
Innovative Programming
Results Statements
We will integrate/embed technology into every aspect of the curriculum.
We will implement a comprehensive writing curriculum for grades 5-8.
We will establish partnerships and create career academies at the high school.
We will expand special offerings, e.g., Spanish, physical education, etc., at the middle school.
We will provide smooth transitions for students through 5th grade self-contained classrooms and a Freshman Academy. 
Smart Goal
By June, 2018 we will increase the percentage of students scoring at or above the 50th percentile by 15% as measured by the Spring 2018 NWEA MAP assessment. 
Activities
Determine technology needed for student use to fully implement S.T.E.M.
Adopt a “paperless” approach to teaching.
Add a technology coordinator to maintain, trouble-shoot, train, etc.
Identify and implement a school-wide writing curriculum.
Offer dual credit courses through ICC.
Expand course offerings: PE, Spanish at middle school, Expeditionary Learning at middle school, etc.
Change 5th grade to a self-contained configuration and addition of a 9th grade academy.
Tangible and Intangible Benefits
More fully integrate S.T.E.M. with expanded technology.
Reduced expenditures for paper.
Improved writing skills for college readiness.
Increased college readiness opportunities for HS students.
Increased student engagement, project learning with Expeditionary Learning, resulting in increased academic scores.
Smoother transition into middle and high school, increased attendance, decreased behavior problems, and increased academic performance. 
Download Full Plan
                                        Quest Charter Academy
                                        2503 N. University Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 402-0030
                                        Fax: (309) 685-3001
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Tablero
Empleo
Comunidad
Personal
Newsletter
Skyward
Donate
Calendar
                                        Quest High School
                                        2503 N. University Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 402-0030
                                        Fax: (309) 685-3001
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Académica
Universidad/Carrera
Ocupaciones
Atletismo
Familias
Los Estudiantes
                                        Quest Middle School
                                        2612 N. Bootz Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 222-8719
                                        Fax : (309) 685-8801
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Académica
Ocupaciones
Atletismo
Familias
Los Estudiantes
Web Development and Hosting by 
Stellar Systems, Inc.
Site Map
Sign in
Signed in