        <style>            .dropdown-toggle:hover + .dropdown-menu { display:block; }            .navbar-header:hover + .collapse, .collapse:hover { display: block; }            .navbar-nav .dropdown-toggle:hover > .dropdown-menu { position: static; float: none; width: auto; margin-top: 0; background-color: transparent; -webkit-box-shadow: none; box-shadow: none; border: none; }            .dropdown-menu:hover { display: block; }        </style>    
English
Español
Middle School
High School
Quest Home
Sobre nosotros
Expect More Video
Historia
Misión
Visión
Valores Fundamentales
Preguntas Más Frecuentes
Promesa
Información Sobre Las Escuelas Autónomas
Reporte Anual
At A Glance Report Card
Boletines
Notas de Prensa
Tablero
Miembros
Las Agendas de Reuniones
Acta de la Reunión
Políticas
FOIA
Empleo
Aberturas
Solicitud
Comunidad
¿Por qué Misiones
Cómo Aplicar
Personal
Secure Site
Welcome to Quest
Dear Parents, Students, and Community Members,
Welcome to the 2017-2018 school year!  There are many exciting changes that will be taking place this year, not the least of which is our move to a balanced calendar, making our first full day of school, Tuesday, August 1. A balanced calendar is the exact same number of school days we have always had, they are simply more spaced out which results in more frequent breaks throughout the year, and a slightly shorter summer break. Being a charter school, Quest can, and is expected to try new, innovative and cutting-edge ideas. Our ultimate goal is outstanding academic achievement and ensuring our students are fully prepared for college and careers. We truly believe moving to a balanced calendar will result in higher retention of student learning, higher test scores, a higher attendance rate and fewer tardies, less teacher stress and turnover, increased staff communication and planning, and increased positive school culture.
A second exciting change is the implementation of career academies at Quest High School. The career academies will take our high school students on a deep dive in a field of interest. All extra-curriculars, clubs and courses will be woven through the academies, providing our students with several hands-on, experiential learning opportunities throughout their high school years.
Finally, we are also excited to announce the launch of the Summit Learning pilot in our 6th grade.  This very personalized approach to learning is going to be life changing for our students. We hope you will come to see learning happening in a very unique, one-to-one, personalized and flexible environment!
If you are a community member or prospective parent and would like to visit us, please call. We would love to have our students give you a tour and tell you about their school. If you are a parent, I encourage you to fully participate in your child’s education by having a presence at school functions, volunteering at school, etc. We have an aggressive goal of having more than 75% parental involvement and we need your help!  Together, we can do amazing things for our scholars! 
I wish you all the best this year.  We know that you have a choice in your child’s education, and we feel honored that you chose us.  Together we are on a “Quest to be the best”!  Welcome and enjoy the journey!
Sincerely,
Nicole Couri Wood, Ph.D.
 Executive Director
 Quest Charter Academy
Read More
¿Por qué Misiones
La traducción de esta página aún no está disponible en Español. Esperámos tener la traducción en Español en un futuro próximo. Para su conveniencia, la versión en Inglés se muestra abajo.
When Quest Charter Academy opened in 2010, we made a commitment to this community to provide our students with an innovative world class education, rich in math, science and technology, focused on preparing them to become bold inquirers, problem solvers and ethical leaders. We have promised that our graduates will be skill-ready for post-secondary education to meet the challenges of a competitive global workforce.
Quest students are encouraged to think critically; question; reflect; and participate in a rigorous, highly interactive instructional program that integrates technology and arts across the curriculum. Quest Charter Academy is about more than just academics. Based on our belief in educating the whole child, we also strive to impact the social, emotional and moral development of each student. Through integration of our core values—Respect, Responsibility, Integrity, Courage, Curiosity, and Effort—students are provided the necessary supports to become citizen scholars who demonstrate each value through leadership and service to their classroom, school, and community.
We believe all students should have the opportunity to attend and succeed at a four-year college. Our goal is 100% college acceptance, and our dedicated team will help students on their path to college and careers. From applications to financial aid to scholarship assistance, we ensure they have the support they need to pursue their next steps after high school. Our rigorous college-prep curriculum aligns with the new Illinois Learning Standards, incorporating Common Core Standards, and is designed to ensure proﬁciency on state standards in math, science, and English.
Rather than adhering to a single teaching philosophy or  instructional model, our  teaching strategies draw on best  practices from the ﬁeld. Quest teachers use a unique mix of data-driven, research-based techniques, including: differentiated instruction, problem-based learning, project-based learning, and collaborative learning. Quest teachers have the ﬂexibility to adapt their teaching strategies to meet students’ needs. Plus, they work to integrate technology into the classroom not just to enhance, but to transform learning. As our school uses a 1:1 technology model, students have tools at their fingertips both at school and home.
At Quest we pride ourselves on knowing every child’s strengths and opportunities for improvement. Data from STAR360 math and reading progress assessments as well as the data from the NWEA assessment provides a wealth of information about each student. Grade level teams use this information to develop individual learning plans (ILPs) for students. The individual learning plan is a personalized plan tailored for each student to address areas in need of improvement. Once the specific goal is developed, grade level teams determine what resources and tools students need in order to be prepared for a successful pathway in both academics and social emotional learning.
Significant parent/guardian involvement is expected. We’ll communicate with you openly and often. You’ll have online access to all classroom records via Skyward, and we hold four student-led conferences (parent-student-teacher conferences) each year which are held in the middle of a quarter so students have plenty of time to improve those areas needing attention prior to report cards being issued.
Safety and structure will be a top priority. Every individual will be held accountable for treating others with respect. Discipline will be strict and expectations for behav­ior high.
Every student participates in daily custom learning time where they work through their personalized path either getting caught up on skills they need support in, or enrichment when students are accelerated.  In addition, every student also participates in a club that takes place once a week built into the school day. Quest also offers a variety of sports teams, FIRST Lego League, FIRST Tech Challenge Robotics, Technology Student Association and more.
Academic achievement, leadership development, and college acceptance are the cornerstones of Quest Charter Academy, as we strive to give students the tools to realize their talents, achieve their goals, and fulfill their dreams. We hope to welcome you into our family. We’re available for tours—call 309.402.0030 to schedule your appointment. Join us on our Quest to be the best!
                                        Quest Charter Academy
                                        2503 N. University Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 402-0030
                                        Fax: (309) 685-3001
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Tablero
Empleo
Comunidad
Personal
Newsletter
Skyward
Donate
Calendar
                                        Quest High School
                                        2503 N. University Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 402-0030
                                        Fax: (309) 685-3001
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Académica
Universidad/Carrera
Ocupaciones
Atletismo
Familias
Los Estudiantes
                                        Quest Middle School
                                        2612 N. Bootz Ave. Peoria, IL 61604
                                        Phone: (309) 222-8719
                                        Fax : (309) 685-8801
info@questpeoria.org
Sobre nosotros
Académica
Ocupaciones
Atletismo
Familias
Los Estudiantes
Web Development and Hosting by 
Stellar Systems, Inc.
Site Map
Sign in
Signed in