Home
Engaged Learning
Curriculum Overview
Our Family
Our Culture
Our Culture
Engaged Learning
Curriculum Overview
Bully Free
Our Family
Our School
Culture
    Willow Creek Charter began in 1999, creating a safe, effective school environment while successfully meeting the social, emotional and academic needs of each child.    
    We understand that a successful school needs purposeful leadership with educators that take responsibility for the students’ academic success while encouraging teamwork.
    Quarterly, we have Ranch Round-up, where our students enjoy the last day of the quarter in a fun-filled activity; from trips to the Movie Theater or bowling alley to a water day, where bounce houses, dunk tanks and firetrucks make it a cool day for all!
    We all enjoy school performances, talent shows and fun days of learning science hands-on, as well as fun surprises like the helicopter ambulance that came and surprised us for a visit! For holidays, we enjoy a Thanksgiving Feast with everyone enjoying time with family and get ready for the next week off. We try to incorporate all of the fun into our school culture so students enjoy learning in our family-like environment.
back to top
Engaged Learning
                Our multi-age classrooms consist of two grades. This teaching philosophy promotes cooperation, collaboration and allows students to develop a deeper and comprehensive understanding of subject matters.  This also gives students the opportunity to build personal self-esteem while aiding their peers in a strong academic environment.            
                Our cooperative learning style fosters high-achieving academic goals while promoting respectful and encouraging behaviors.            
back to top
Curriculum
                At Willow Creek Charter, we are dedicated to providing the best public education for your child.  Our classrooms are small; resulting in excellent student to teacher ratios, allowing for all students' needs to be met.            
                Rigorous academic standards are successfully taught through our research-based curriculum. The use of clear assessment data monitors the progress and improvements in each student’s academic career.            
                We utilize state of the art technology to engage students in project-based learning and our interactive instruction urges students to achieve their highest potential.            
                Willow Creek Charter follows the Arizona State Standards and completes required yearly state testing. For more information, visit www.azed.gov.            
back to top
Bully-Free Campus
                At Willow Creek Charter, we create a safe environment for children to grow and be themselves. When a student becomes ridden with fear and anxiety, learning is difficult. We have a zero bullying tolerance policy. Willow Creek Charter students encourage each other to reach for their personal best. We teach our students the importance of respecting adults, peers and their learning environment. Our students feel safe and therefore can put their efforts into mastering academic skills and pursuing their interests.            
back to top
Our Family
    Our staff is outstanding! Between us, we have over 100 years of teaching experience. All of our teachers are certified and some have state endorsements in subjects such as fine arts, physical education, history and special education, allowing us to provide a well-rounded school experience for our students. Check out our 
Classrooms
 to read about our highly qualified staff. From our teachers, support staff, administration to maintenance, we all work together to make it possible for our students to have a great learning experience.
back to top
Level 1
Kg/1st grade
Tammy Westerson is our Level 1 Instructor teaching Kindergarten and 1st grade. Mrs. Westerson received her Bachelor’s degree from Indiana University and holds teaching certificates in Texas and Tennessee as well as Arizona.This is her 7th year teaching Kindergarten and has taught 1st and 2nd grade as well. She has district school experience as well as public charter school experience.
When asked what she enjoys most about working with this age child, she always replies; “the light bulb moments.” That moment when a child understands a math concept, can sound out letters to spell words, or realizes that they are actually reading on their own, and the light bulb goes on over their heads.You get these moments with students of all ages, but in Kindergarten, you get them daily. It’s the best feeling in the world!
Mrs. Westerson is new to the Prescott and has enjoyed getting to know the community and all it has to offer. She and her husband enjoy spending time with their families and their 3 Shetland sheepdogs.
Sandra Sherman is our Level 2 Instructor teaching 1st and 2ndgrade. Sandra received her Bachelors of Arts Degree in Elementary Educationfrom the University of Minnesota. She has many years of experience working withchildren aged Kindergarten through 5th grade in both the public and privatesector. Her passion is teaching children in all aspects of the educationalspectrum. 
Mrs. Sherman believes all students can learn and achieve success,however, each student is an individual that learns in different ways and atdifferent speeds. She expects her students to give their best daily as shestrives to do her best to differentiate learning to accommodate all herstudents learning needs. She knows that children learn best when they arecomfortable in their environment and strives to make her class like a family,where students sincerely care about each other. Outside of school, Mrs. Shermanspends most of her free time with her family enjoying the outdoors, camping andtraveling to new and exciting places.
Level 2
1st/2nd grade
Level 3
3rd/4th grade
Beverly Bean has been a teacher at Willow Creek Charter since its inception. She earned a degree in Animal Health technology and then received her Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education from Northern Arizona University in 1996. Mrs. Bean is a long time resident of Prescott. She and her husband moved here in 1980 and have raised their three children in the area. She loves the outdoors and enjoys traveling.  Hiking, mountain biking, and camping are some of her favorite pastimes.   She has a warm, gentle manner that fosters a structured and challenging learning environment. Mrs. Bean strives to make learning an adventure.
Mrs. Chrystal Morriss has been a part of our WCC for two years. She is a paraprofessional in Levels 3 and 4, helping the teachers give more one-on-one assistance in the classroom. She also handles our Behavior and Academic Support time at lunch, ensuring our students get the help to finish their work in each level.
Jessica  Schmidt is a new transplant to Prescott from San Diego. She has earned a  Bachelor of Arts from San Diego State University and a Master of Arts  from Pittsburg State University. Over the past 5 years, Jessica has been  involved in several aspects of education as classroom teacher and in  school administration. Most recently, she headed the efforts of a  fledgling tutoring program for the San Diego Library, helping at-risk  K-8th grade urban youth.  In her classroom, Jessica emphasizes the  importance of goal getting and personal accountability while fostering a  supportive and open environment. She is excited to join the Willow  Creek Charter School family as the Level 4, 5th and 6th grade, teacher.
Shannon Silvey is one of our paraprofessionals, working with all of our students throughout the day. She has a Bachelor of Arts in Human Communications from California State San Bernardino. She has owned several businesses, working in bookkeeping, managing employees and in claims adjustment. Her two children attend WCC. 
Level 4
5th/6th grade
Level 5
7th/8th grade
            Katie Sevey brings 12 years of teaching experience to our Level 5 classroom. Before Willow Creek Charter School, she taught in the State of Wisconsin at an Elementary School and in Bullhead City. She has 2 grown adult children that are both presently attending college at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee.  Having friends in the Prescott area brought her here.  Katie loves working with the middle school age and greatly appreciates the opportunity given to her to help your children be the best students and citizens that they can be.        
Administration
Director - Mrs. Terese Soto
Mrs. Terese Soto earned her Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education from Moorhead State University in Minnesota in 1982 and her K-12 Art Endorsement in 1990. She has been teaching in Arizona since 1985.She moved to Prescott in 1988 and helped open Willow Creek Charter in 1999. Her teaching experience includes teaching K, 1st, 2nd, 5th and 6th grade classrooms, 7th grade American History, 7th-8th grade Wood Shop, 8th grade At Risk Students and K-8 Fine Arts. She was instrumental in creating the curriculum for the Fine Arts Program, which includes visual arts, theater, music and movement. She has handled discipline for the school since 2000 and became the Director of the school in 2003. Mrs. Soto has seen many changes in the Educational System and one common thread that stays consistent in her mind is that education is all about the children. Throughout her career, her dedication, determination, and creativity have inspired countless individuals.
WillowCreek@WillowCreekCharter.com
 928-776-1212 ext. 114
Business Director - Mrs. Jennifer L. Baker
Jennifer L. Baker is our school’s Business Director. She is responsible for the school’s finances; including maintenance, monitoring, and reporting of all financial activities to our Director, Governing Board and all government reporting entities. She is also responsible for the planning, implementation, directing and maintenance of Willow Creek Charter School’s technology systems. She has a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and an Associate of Business degree and has 20 years of experience in translation management, advertising and marketing.
Finance@WillowCreekCharter.com
 928-776-1212 ext. 114
Special Education Director - Ms. Shannon Lynch
Ms. Shannon Lynch received her Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Studies and Sociology at Northern Arizona University. She went on to get her post-degree dual teaching certification in Elementary and Special Education, concurrently earning a Masters in Special Education. Her philosophy lies in encouraging the development of each student's unique strengths as well as fostering a safe environment in which to overcome individual challenges. She also strives to integrate the arts throughout her curriculum and nurture an enthusiasm for learning in her students.
SPED@WillowCreekCharter.com
  928-776-1212 ext. 106
Office Manager - Mrs. Jeanne Schultz
Jeanne Schultz has been the Office Manager at Willow Creek Charter School since January, 2004.  Jeanne Schultz received her Bachelor of Science degree in Management with an emphasis in Personnel Management from Arkansas State University in 1986.  She has always enjoyed working with people in an office setting and problem solving situations. Our students love to come to the office and get help from Ms. Jeanne – they see her as the one who fixes everything – from calling home, to injuries on the playground, to just giving them a little extra attention when they need it.
Office@WillowCreekCharter.com
  928-776-1212 ext. 0
WCCSEmploymentApplication.pdf
      Copyright © 1999-2018    