[ LOG IN 
]
Home
About TRCS
Programs
Admissions
Support
Parents
Calendar
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Support Renaissance
Campaigns
RFP for ERate-funded Technology Upgrades
Community Partnerships
Friends of Renaissance
Governance
Board Calendar, Agendas and Minutes
Volunteer
Google Site Verification
Alumni Relations
Make a Donation Now
Support Renaissance
Support us when you shop! Check out all the ways you can make a donation to Renaissance by shopping for everyday needs at 
these
 participating stores! You will get Double Donations if you shop at participating stores between 11/26-12/2/2017!  Don't forget to choose Renaissance Charter School as your non-profit charity of choice, and thank you!
Giving Assistant
 makes it easy to donate to Renaissance Charter School! And from November 28-December 3 they are running a Double Cash Back event. Simply shop online, earn cash back, and donate as much as 30% of your purchase price—Giving Assistant facilitates the whole process. Now, you can help change the life of a child for free while saving money at over 1800 popular online retailers like Kohl's, JC Penney, and Kmart! Sign-up now for free!
It's easy to support Renaissance everytime you shop on Amazon.  Simply follow this link:  
Amazon Smile
.  For more ways to support our school while you shop, see the Campaigns link to the left, and scroll down.
Angel FundPlease help us with a donation to the Angel Fund, to help needy children attend the special trips that are coming up in the spring for our students!  Nature's Classroom is for all 3rd-6th graders, and is a fabulous experience to experience a week of nature walks, science experiments and team-building in the beautiful Adirondacks.  Every year the Angel Fund makes sure all those who cannot afford the trip can go.  In addition, 7th-8th graders are preparing for their end of year trip; (to the historic Baltimore Harbour for 3 days), and our HS students are applying to college or summer programs that require application fees, and planning trips to visit colleges.  The Angel fund helps all those that would not otherwise be able to afford these important events in their scholastic lives.  Click on the green "Campaigns" link on the left and click on the third bullet for Angel Fund.
Friends of Renaissance
ABOUT F.O.R. - TRCS is happy to introduce Friends of Renaissance, a newly formed non-profit organization whose sole purpose is to support Renaissance through fundraising initiatives.  The small volunteer board consists of staff members, parents and alumni who will oversee all of the campaigns that raise funds for various programs, as well as planning events and new campaigns as needs arise.  Any online donations you make will be payable to "Friends of Renaissance" (no longer to Renaissance Charter School or TRCS) and your receipts will be reflected as such.  We guarantee your donation will go to support the program/s of your choice.  Anyone interested in joining the board, or volunteering on a committee can contact Rebekah Oakes or Peggy Heeney 718-803-0060.
2017-18 Campaigns to support the many Renaissance initiatives that make up the Renaissance experience: Click on the green "Campaigns" link on the left for more information or the "Friends of Renaissance" where your donation will earn you great Renaissance merchandise!
Safer, better-educated communities are great for business; they improve the quality of life for everyone. Renaissance’s hard-working, high-achieving students strive to make that happen and with your help that goal is closer to being a reality.Corporations, Family Foundations or other prospective funders, or anyone with a question about supporting Renaissance, please contact Director of Development Rebekah Oakes at (718) 803-0060 or roakes@renaissancecharter.org
Everything that happens at Renaissance:  
after school activities 
curriculum enhancements 
high faculty-to-student ratio 
partnerships 
special programs 
trips  
– all happens because individuals, corporations, foundations or government funders provide support to make it happen.  
The students’ success:  
their creativity and imagination sparked in their classes 
everything they are exposed to and learn at Renaissance 
their outstanding test scores 
college acceptances 
lives permanently changed for the better for students and families  
– is the return on investment your support of Renaissance creates.  
In this section, read about some of Renaissance’s active campaigns you can support right now, some of its model development partnerships, and voluntary leadership opportunities, including the ultimate commitment of involvement and support: board governance. 
FRIENDS OF RENAISSANCE
DONATE
35-59 81st Street, Jackson Heights, New York 11372 • renaissancecharter.org • 718-803-0060 • 718-803-3785 (fax)