[ LOG IN 
]
Home
About TRCS
Programs
Admissions
Support
Parents
Calendar
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Programs
Curriculum Overview
English Language Arts
Math
Science
Social Studies
Spanish
Arts
K-12 Health
External Partnerships
After School Activities
Annual Trips
Programs
Renaissance is on the Cutting Edge of Responsible Progressive PK-12 Education
It currently operates many programs that implement the most forward thinking educational practices in its classrooms. 
Just a few of these programs include:
Primary Project - Starting in Kindergarten through 3rd grade, we offer the Children's Institute 
Primary Project
 to support children with mild classroom adjustment issues through play.  Primary Project is a national evidence-based program that helps children adjust to school, gain confidence, social skills, and focus on learning. 
Get Fit! Physical Education Program — Renaissance is the lead school in a consortium of charter schools that received a U.S. Education Department grant to improve Health and Physical Education and keep students active.  Our World Neighborhood Charter School and the two campuses of JVL Wildcat Academy Charter School join Renaissance in implementing the SPARKS curriculum (Sports, Play and Active Recreation for Kids) in their PE classes and introducing a wide variety of choices in fitness activities during after-school, such as dance, martial arts, zumba, and yoga.  The SPARKS curriculum shifts the focus away from team sports to individual skills development and active movement.  Read more about the program in our monthly newsletter, 
here
. We are also part of the U.S. Healthier School Challenge Program. The HUSSC is a voluntary, nationwide award program established by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to recognize those schools creating healthier school environments through their promotion of good nutrition and physical activity. Read more [here].(http://www.letsmove.gov/healthierus-school-challenge)
Global Humanities Dissemination Project — Renaissance received a competitive Charter Schools Dissemination grant from the New York State Education Department.  We are partnering with Truman High School in the Bronx to share best practices in the effective integration of 9th and 10th grade ELA and Global History and Geography so that each subject supports the other.  Renaissance's use of small group “Global Labs” with a special attention to Geography education, and an arts-infused approach to ELA and Social Studies, is changing the way Global History is taught and its hands-on approach has encouraged Renaissance’s high-school to transform 9th grade English Language Arts instruction (ELA) and Global classes into an arts-rich Humanities program.  With the help of professional geographers, Carol and Phil Gersmehl, Renaissance and Truman are developing model units that will engage students and train them to think like geographers and write like historians.
Rensizzle Week - Rensizzle Week is five consecutive days during the school year when 7th-12th grade students have the opportunity, together with Renaissance teachers, to actively explore a topic of interest in great depth. During this week the high school departs from its regular schedule so that clusters can devote the entire school day to their process of exploration and research. Students prepare a presentation at the end of the week to share what they have learned. Students gain experience in leadership and group building, the process of conducting research and the creation and execution of a presentation.  
Rensizzle Week
The Learning Center — Renaissance’s Learning Center (TLC) is a "managed care" program for students who either need remedial help or who wish to accelerate or enrich their studies.   Part-time teachers and two full-time paraprofessionals manage this study center.  It includes NovaNET and Brigham Young University distance learning.  The Learning Center has been successful in providing a way for students to make-up needed credits and with improving the course passing rates of participating students, especially those with IEPs.
College Bound Program — Renaissance mandates participation in its college bound program.  It begins in 5th and 6th grade with trips to city colleges for various programs, and becomes a for-credit class in the 9th-12th grade. Students chart a four year plan in the ninth grade that includes an online portfolio that helps them establish a career plan, and an academic and community involvement portfolio that showcases their accomplishments. Curriculum scaffolding allows the college bound staff to guide students as they explore their values, social and academic interests, career options and college choices.  Learn more: 
College Office
and 
Announcements
.
Leadership Program - At TRCS we believe that leaders are people who actively take action to better themselves and the world. The TRCS Leadership Program is one of the many programs through which TRCS students learn to become “leaders for the Renaissance of New York.”  The primary purpose of this program is to motivate students to find their own answers to two essential questions: how can I make the world a better place? and how do I want to contribute to the world when I am older?  All students in grades 9-12 are required to participate in a leadership, volunteer or internship program each semester of high school.  Find out more by clicking on the Leadership Program tab at 
College Office
.
The College and Career Office at The Renaissance Charter School is pleased to introduce Inti Ossio, our new Leadership Program Coordinator/College Bound Associate. Inti has experience in increasingly responsible and diverse roles in schools and education companies. Her  experience is enhanced by her work with TREA, a student-led group that Renaissance has hosted in our building for many years. 
As Leadership Program Coordinator and College Bound Associate, Inti is responsible for the overall management of Leadership Program activities in addition to assisting with the services and functioning of the College Bound Office. She reports to Ana Falla-Riff - College Adviser/HS Coordinator. 
Inti looks forward to working with the school community to help our young people reach their goals. Renaissance has a strong tradition of developing innovative programming to meet student needs and he is excited to carry forward the Leadership Program with the excellent support of the school and educational community. You can find her in the College Bound Office, Room 314. She can be reached at intiossio@rencharter.org
FRIENDS OF RENAISSANCE
DONATE
35-59 81st Street, Jackson Heights, New York 11372 • renaissancecharter.org • 718-803-0060 • 718-803-3785 (fax)