[ LOG IN 
]
Home
About TRCS
Programs
Admissions
Support
Parents
Calendar
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Support Renaissance
Campaigns
RFP for ERate-funded Technology Upgrades
Community Partnerships
Friends of Renaissance
Governance
Board Calendar, Agendas and Minutes
Volunteer
Google Site Verification
Alumni Relations
Make a Donation Now
Campaigns
Looking Forward to a Wonderful School Year!
Dear Renaissance Families and Friends,
Read on to learn about some of the initiatives the Friends of Renaissance supports through your generous donations:
Help support true experiential learning by contributing to our PreK-2nd Grade Art & Yoga Program. Professional artist and educator Nicole Pouliot has been a resident artist at Renaissance for the last few years, working with our youngest learners in PK, K, 1st and 2nd grades.  Nicole's mission is to engage students in a wide variety of art-making tasks and materials that support their fine-motor-skills development. She also teaches PK and K students Yoga, providing them with a highly-structured gross motor activity that inherently teaches physical and mental discipline and focus  
Fund true project-based learning: Find out more: 
Rensizzle Week
 and support: 
Rensizzle Project
Help us to continue to bring worthy Leadership Programs to our school 
Help children in need participate in special projects year-round through our 
Angel Fund Appeal
Fund our Arts partnerships and residencies for true arts integration: 
Arts Partnerships
Become a 
Friend of Renaissance
:  Learn how you can support Renaissance and receive logo merchandise!  
Own a copy of the 20th Anniversary Special Edition 'The Story of Renaissance' 
You can support Renaissance everytime you shop!
Giving Assistant
 makes it easy to donate to Renaissance Charter School! Simply shop online, earn cash back, and donate as much as 30% of your purchase price—Giving Assistant facilitates the whole process. Now, you can help change the life of a child for free while saving money at over 1800 popular online retailers like Kohl's, JC Penney, and Kmart!
Amazon Smile
 - If you’re like many savvy shoppers, you probably already shop at Amazon. Why not put some of those dollars to good use by shopping through AmazonSmile instead? Prices are the same as shopping through the regular URL, but a percentage of your purchase helps out a charity of your choice. Simply designate your charity (there are nearly a million to choose from), and every time you make an eligible purchase, the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of the purchase amount to your selected charity. Tens of millions of products are eligible. Just look for the “Eligible for AmazonSmile donation” marking on each product page.
Escrip
 - EScrip allows you to select up to three charities or schools to support. Earn donations by shopping both online and locally in two ways: Register eligible store loyalty cards and debit/credit cards and use them normally, or shop through the 
Escrip Online Mall
.  Earnings percentages vary by retailer — but can be as high as 16%. You can also earn donations by dining out and booking travel. The site lists thousands of participating merchants, charities and schools. If you don’t see yours, add it here.
Goodshop
 - Do good and save money by shopping through this charitable site. Through Goodshop, you can shop at more than 30,000 participating online stores and support more than 110,000 charities and schools (you can add yours if it’s not there already). The site also offers over 25,000 discounts, deals and coupons to make giving even more enticing. Search for the retailer of your choice to find out how much of your total qualifying purchase will be donated. Percentages usually range from 1% to 30%.
iGive
 - With more than 35,000 causes to choose from and more than 1,700 participating online stores, iGive is another easy way to be philanthropic with money you’re already spending. Just activate the iGive Button, a web browser and smartphone app, or shop directly through the site. Charities receive an average 3% of your qualifying purchases, determined by each retailer. Check out each store’s iGive listing for its particular exceptions. Don’t see your favorite cause? List it yourself 
here
.
GiveBuy
 - Download the GiveBuy web browser extension or shop directly through its site, and up to 10% of your purchase will go to a deserving cause. A relatively new site, GiveBuy currently lists about 400 major online retailers and 100 charities, though it’s growing. Register your charity here if you don’t see it listed. If you’re not sure who to choose, your earnings will automatically go to GiveBuy’s monthly featured charity.
FRIENDS OF RENAISSANCE
DONATE
35-59 81st Street, Jackson Heights, New York 11372 • renaissancecharter.org • 718-803-0060 • 718-803-3785 (fax)