[ LOG IN 
]
Home
About TRCS
Programs
Admissions
Support
Parents
Calendar
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Parents
Notices & Events
PK-8 Curriculum Packets
HS Curriculum Packets
Supporting Your Child
Food Service
PTA
Join the PTA
Meetings: Minutes & Agendas
Volunteer
Charter School Advocacy
Student Support
5-12 Afterschool Program
K-4 Afterschool Program
Fundraising
Parents
Parents, You can now fill out all the school forms at 
FamilyID
. Simply create an account and then type in The Renaissance Charter School as the program you want to register for!Each YEAR we need new, updated forms.  Lunch forms must be filled out in paper version; please pick one up in the office.
A BIG Thank You to all parents who stepped up to run for the 2017-2018 PTA executive board.  We appreciate your service!  Parents, the PTA is anxious to hear from you, so reach out to our current officers (see the green link to the PTA page to the left) and get involved!
The Big APIL
The 2017-2018 Annual Parent Information Letter (APIL) is now available.  It was sent to all parents by email and can be downloaded from the links below.  If you do not receive this email, please call the office at 718-803-0060 to make sure we have your current email address.  If you do not have access to email and would like a hard copy, please call the office to request one.  You may visit the school Monday-Thursday, 8:00-3:00 during the summer to pick it up.
Important forms are included in the email and below for download.  These forms must be filled out and returned on the first day of school.  If you do not have a printer at home and need paper copies of the forms, please call the office to request your copy.
2017-2018 Big APIL
2017-2018 Big APIL
2017-2018 School Forms
Please check back for a printable school calendar for each cluster. Please be aware that the printed calendar is not updated as often as the calendar on this website, and on Pupilpath.  Please check those often throughout the year.
High-School 2017-2018 Calendar
Updated PK-8 Spring 2017-2018 Calendar
Parent Presentations
You can view the High School Unwrapped presentation for middle-schoolers, by downloading the power-point 
here.
Curriculum Night was held on Thursday, September 14 this year.  Curriculum packets and expectations for your child can be found on the "curriculum packets" page through the link to the left.  
Application for Free and Reduced Meals can be found on the Food Service link to the left.  Please fill out this form even if you are not applying for free and reduced meals; just list all students in your household and sign at the bottom.  In that case you do not need to fill out financial information.
Please see the "Notices and Events" link to the left for examples of summer assignments due on the first day of school.
Performing Arts Conservatory of New York (PACONY) will provide private, on-site music lessons for a fee.  Download the request form 
HERE
.
Water Safety Information
Recently NYC Schools Chancellor Farina released a Letter to Families and Staff regarded the issue of water safety in our schools.  Please click 
HERE
 to read the letter, which also has links to translations in various languages. 
Parents' Handbooks - Download the Elementary Parents' Handbook 
HERE
.
The Middle School Student Handbook is 
HERE
, and the HS Handbook can be found 
HERE
.
The Discipline Policy and Code of Conduct is 
HERE
.
• Spanish: Esto es un aviso importante con respecto a la educación de su niño. Haga por favor que alguien traduzca este documento para usted puntualmente.• French: C’est une notification importante concernant l’éducation de votre enfant. Veuillez faire traduire à quelqu’un ce document pour toi promptement.• Urdu: ye aik important ittelah taak education ka tumhari child please someone translate ye kaghazaat liye tum promptly have hai.• Chinese (traditional): 这是一个重要的通知，关于您的孩子的教育。请有有人为你翻译这份文件及时。• Russian: Это будет важным извещением относительно образования вашего ребенка. Пожалуйста имейте кто-то перевести этот документ для вас проворно. 
Invitation to Join PupilPath!
We are pleased to announce that our school is using the "Pupil Path" website to bring you immediate information regarding your child's education. Pupil Path allows you to view the following: 
Your child's assignments and projects along with due dates.
Your child's performance in each class including homework, classwork, tests and projects.
Progress reports from teachers throughout the school year.
Handouts and assignments when your child is absent from school.
Your child's transcripts and graduation eligibility status (HS only).
School announcements, new calendar listings and upcoming events.
And, in some classrooms, your child's attendance.
We hope that by enabling you to see this information on a daily basis we will be able to work together to ensure that our children remain on track in every class. As we work together we will ensure that our students get the most out of their education. 
For instructions on registering for Pupil Path click 
HERE
.
On this page you will also find many helpful links and postings that will help you and your child have the best experience possible at Renaissance.  We endeavor to keep you informed of everything that goes on in your child's academic career, so please make sure we have your current contact information: phone number, address and email address.  You can update your information at any time by downloading the forms from the SCHOOL FORMS link above, or call the office and ask for our pupil personnel secretary.
We will post important documents, such as the parent calendar of events and the APIL (every August) with important information about school policies and procedures, Emergency Contact and other important forms, and PTA Membership Information.
The green links to the left will give you additional information about how to support your child emotionally, socially and academically and how to support Renaissance with advocacy, talents, money and time.  We hope you and your child have the best year ever, and we look forward to seeing you often at school.
While "PupilPath" gives you most of the information you will need to keep up to date with your child's academics, some teachers still use the middle and high school Homework Wiki-spaces to post homework.  In addition, many elementary teachers maintain their own web-pages for homework and curriculum information, so please ask your child's teacher how best to keep up with your child's homework.
Middle School Homework
High School Homework
College Bound Office Blog
College Bound Facebook Page
College Bound Twitter Page
FRIENDS OF RENAISSANCE
DONATE
35-59 81st Street, Jackson Heights, New York 11372 • renaissancecharter.org • 718-803-0060 • 718-803-3785 (fax)