Glass City Academy			
Blogroll
Counseling and Career Advising
District Profile Page
Employment Opportunities
Information on Disibilty claim vs State of Ohio
Power School for Students/Parents
Power School for Teachers
School Calendar
School Report Card
Snow Days
quick links
Glass City Academy
Glass City Academy					
About
History
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact Us
News / Events Categories
All News / Events
Events
News
Featured News / Events
Faculty
Our faculty is highly qualified and certified, with more than 200 years combined teaching experience. Three instructors have master’s degrees and others are in the process of obtaining their master’s degree. Faculty members are committed to helping students take full advantage of their opportunities and tailor their instruction techniques to a variety of learning styles.
Here’s what our teachers have to say:
“Students who arrive here only hoping to get their high school diplomas walk away with an incredible sense of achievement and the understanding that they are capable of doing so much more in their lives.”
“I am committed to helping these students take full advantage of their opportunities. I try to encourage them to think positively and to realize that success is possible if they apply themselves.”
“The success on their faces at graduation is what really makes it all worthwhile. I feel lucky to be a part of it.”
Faculty Contact List
Stewart B. Jesse — Director                            sjesse@glasscityacademy.org
Julie Walton–Asst to the Treasurer             jwalton@glasscityacademy.org
Rachel Kurek — Asst. Director                       rkurek@glasscityacademy.org
Kurtis Tucker — School Counselor                ktucker@glasscityacademy.org
Brian Ahrns — Social Studies                         bahrns@glasscityacademy.org
Jesse Baum–Science                                        jbaum@glasscityacademy.org
Karen Burris — Science Teacher                    kburris@glasscityacademy.org
Crystal Easter — Language Arts                     ceaster@glasscityacademy.org
Lisa Ellis — Language Arts                              lellis@glasscityacademy.org
Jennifer Globig –Mathematics                     jglobig@glasscityacademy.org
James Hall  — Mathematics                           jhall@glasscityacademy.org
Sherri Hill — Special Ed.                                 shill@glasscityacademy.org
Lauren Howald — SS/Career Advisor          lhowald@glasscityacademy.org
Chelsea Lee — Special Ed.                              clee@glasscityacademy.org
Jordan Marks — Attendance                          jmarks@glasscityacademy.org
Cheryl McIntyre — Special Ed.                      cmcintyre@glasscityacademy.org
Danielle Munch–Social Studies                   dmunch@glasscityacademy.org
Tori Perez — EMIS Coordinator                    tperez@glasscityacademy.org
Kerry Sebring — Receptionist/Secretary     ksebring@glasscityacademy.org
Benjamin Wright– Science                            bwright@glasscityacademy.org
Latest News
Open Positions for the 2018-2019 School Year
Glass City Academy has the following open positions for the 2017-2018 school year: Science Teacher, Mathematics Teacher, English/Language-Arts Teacher, Intervention Specialist (Mild/Moderate).  If you are interested in applying, please open the “Quick Links” tab near the upper right corner of the homepage and click on “Employment Opportunities” to find further information.
View All News
Latest Upcoming Event
Open Positions for the 2018-2019 School Year
Glass City Academy has the following open positions for the 2017-2018 school year: Science Teacher, Mathematics Teacher, English/Language-Arts Teacher, Intervention Specialist (Mild/Moderate).  If you are interested in applying, please open the “Quick Links” tab near the upper right corner of the homepage and click on “Employment Opportunities” to find further information.
view full events calendar
Links						
About
Admission
Academics
Students
Parents
Faculty
Contact
Connect			
facebook
twitter
rss
Contact			
							Glass City Academy							1000 Monroe St.							Toledo, Ohio 43604						
Phone: 
419-720-6311, Ext 300
Fax:
419-720-6315
Email:
gca_sr@nwoca.org