About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
FAQs
FAQs
Is there a cost?
What is this school like?
Is there summer school?
Why can't I do MNOHS on my phone?
Is the diploma "real?"
Who attends MNOHS?
Are there honors courses?
Is MNOHS accredited?
Can I play in sports?
How does online PE work?
What about science?
Is there Special Ed?
Is this home school?
How many courses?
Are you NCAA approved?
Are there teachers?
Are there ELL services?
Where are you located?
What if I can't afford a new computer?
Enroll at 
 MNOHS now!
Summer Session begins June 13. Confirmed enrollments will be accepted through June 13.
Click to learn more!
				Do you have summer school?			
	Print
Yes!  MNOHS summer courses run from June 13 to August 15 this year.  Click to see the 
summer course list
.
MNOHS also offers a two-week, for-credit 
video and soundtrack immersion project
, June 18 - 29, online!
The MNOHS Summer Session is open to any student in grades 9 through 12, and also to students in grades 7 and 8 who are ready for high school courses. 
Current MNOHS-only (comprehensive) students: 
 You may be eligible for free summer courses including the video immersion project  to recover credits.  Please check with your MNOHS counselor for more information.
Current students who are not eligible for credit recovery: The cost is $280/semester course (0.5 credit)
.
Students who are not enrolled in MNOHS this spring: The cost is $360/semester course (0.5 credit)
.
Click to start the summer enrollment process. 
If you are interested in enrolling for next school year, please contact us at 
info@mnohs.org
 if you would like to be notified when our online summer enrollment form is available.
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.