About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
About MNOHS
Why choose MNOHS?
An Outstanding Solution
Awards and Recognitions
Faculty and Staff
Online Learning at MNOHS
Proven Strategies
MNOHS Mission and Vision
FAQs
Enroll at 
 MNOHS now!
Summer Session begins June 13. Confirmed enrollments will be accepted through June 13.
Click to learn more!
				Proven Educational Strategies			
	Print
A learning model built on experience, research, and ongoing staff development
The MNOHS learning program:
Uses reliable and advanced technology
Is based on research-supported online course design and pedagogy
Centers on teacher-created curriculum--courses written by the people who teach them
Emphasizes active learning, real relationships, and real-world applications of knowledge
Promotes college-readiness, skill development and post-secondary planning
Emphasizes community-building and student leadership
Faculty Training and Collaboration
Teaching Online - All newly hired MNOHS instructors participate in this six-week teacher training course that prepares teachers for planning and delivering online instruction.
Ongoing Faculty Development - Regular professional development, reflective practice, and peer review activities bring MNOHS faculty together online and in person.
Professional Learning Groups - Core teachers meet weekly in this interdisciplinary research-based workshop to discuss effective strategies in their daily teaching, and to promote literacy in the online classroom.
Student Intervention Team - Counselors and teachers meet weekly to implement tiered interventions and individualized support for students who are struggling.
Our Experience
MNOHS core staff has worked together in online education since 2005, and in some cases since 1997.  We are recognized leaders in the field of online high school education, presenting at state, national, and international conferences, and conducting trainings for other educational institutions.
Our program, courses, and expectations of faculty are aligned to the International Association for K-12 Online Learning (iNACOL) Standards for Quality Programs, Courses, and Teaching and are evaluated annually.
MNOHS is accredited by the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement (NCA CASI), a division of AdvancED, with 
four strong commendations
.
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.