About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
Enroll at 
 MNOHS now!
Summer Session begins June 13. Confirmed enrollments will be accepted through June 13.
Click to learn more!
				MNOHS is nationally accredited			
	Print
In January 2013, MNOHS was accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools (AdvancED) and received four commendations.  The accreditation review team noted that even one commendation is rare for a new candidate school, a small school or an online school—and MNOHS is all three!
The school exhibits strong, shared dedication from faculty and staff to the mission and vision.
The school exhibits exceptional commitment to help each student succeed as an individual.
MNOHS has worked to achieve a high level of trust, establishing a safe and caring environment for all.
MNOHS is fully committed to innovate and to provide resources to continuously improve.
Here are some other areas of strength noted in our accreditation report:
"MNOHS has developed an approach to online instruction that is very effective in meeting the particular needs of students who attend the school, based on understanding of these students' diverse needs and life situations. Courses are designed to challenge students, building on who the students and what they bring to their learning (skills and life experiences), and making effective use of the online learning environment and of the available online tools."
"Students and parents spoke highly of the responsiveness of their teachers, counselors, special education staff, administrators and the technology support person any time they had a question. Students said that they felt that their unique life circumstances and learning needs are understood and that teachers are willing to work with them to help them to meet expectations."
"MNOHS is to be commended on.. the strong technology support and training provided to all."
"The autonomy given to teachers in the design of their courses and in their instructional practices is a real strength of the MNOHS approach to education."
"Students, parents and faculty report exemplary responsiveness to questions or comments."
For further information, please contact our Executive Director – 1-800-764-8166 x103.
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.