About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
Student Login
MNOHS students and faculty/staff: You can log in using your MNOHS username and password.
Username
Password							
Remember Me
Log in
					Forgot your username?
					Forgot your password?
If you have forgotten your username or password, call  1-800-764-8166 x111
Enroll at 
 MNOHS now!
Summer Session begins June 13. Confirmed enrollments will be accepted through June 13.
Click to learn more!
		Knowledge Base	
		Before submitting a ticket, look for answers and tutorials here. For questions about your online text or about broken links in courses, please contact the course instructor.	
		Frequently Asked Questions	
		Check here for answers before submitting a question. For questions about your online text or about broken links in courses, please contact the course instructor.	
		New Support Ticket	
		Students and Staff with an account use the Student Login on the left.  Before submitting a ticket, look for answers and tutorials in the Knowledge Base (KB) or Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ). You can use the search function to see items relevant. All outages will be in the Announcements area. You will need to log in to submit a support ticket. Please be sure to fill in all of the fields and give as many details as possible. If you can, attach a screen shot of any error message you may have gotten. This way, we can help you more quickly.  Thank you!  MNOHS Staff	
		Announcements	
		View a list of recent announcements/news items organized by date. Outages and downtimes will be in this section.	
		Administration	
		Support ticket administration and comment moderation	
										Knowledge Base				
							Before submitting a ticket, look for answers and tutorials here. For questions about your online text or about broken links in courses, please contact the course instructor.					
										Frequently Asked Questions				
							Check here for answers before submitting a question. For questions about your online text or about broken links in courses, please contact the course instructor.					
										New Support Ticket				
							Students and Staff with an account use the Student Login on the left.  Before submitting a ticket, look for answers and tutorials in the Knowledge Base (KB) or Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ). You can use the search function to see items relevant. All outages will be in the Announcements area. You will need to log in to submit a support ticket. Please be sure to fill in all of the fields and give as many details as possible. If you can, attach a screen shot of any error message you may have gotten. This way, we can help you more quickly.  Thank you!  MNOHS Staff					
										Announcements				
							View a list of recent announcements/news items organized by date. Outages and downtimes will be in this section.					
										Administration				
							Support ticket administration and comment moderation					
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.