About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
				Autism Answers Month			
Here is a call to action on autism from MNOHS math teacher, board member, and family coordinator Kim Breeden.
High school has its own set of unwritten rules: how to dress, where to sit, who to talk to.  This world can be challenging for even the typical teenager to navigate.  Now imagine that you’re among the increasing number of students with autism—now estimated at 1 in 50.  Autism can impact all areas of life, including social skills.  Children and teens with autism may be unable to read facial expressions and interpret body language or social cues.  Initiating and participating in conversations may be difficult, as those with autism often can’t find the words to express their feelings.  They may instead echo an out of-context-phrase or talk only about a particular subject of interest to them.  Students with autism may also experience sensory overload where the bright lights and loud sounds of a typical school setting can become overwhelming.
For some students with autism, these social and sensory issues make school stressful, even if they have strong academic skills.  Attending school online from the comfort of their home allows these students to focus on academics without the accompanying social and sensory distractions. Students with autism may do better learning online where both technology and their teacher offer consistent support.  This online environment levels the playing field, giving students with autism the learning opportunities they deserve.
While online education can be an excellent educational opportunity, it should not be seen as a way to remove students with autism from the community.  We must work to make sure that “out of sight” does not become “out of mind.”  April is autism awareness month.  With the rising number of children diagnosed with autism, awareness is easy to come by.  Individuals with autism are regularly encountered in the community, even if their diagnosis is unrecognized.  The child in the grocery store who looks too old to be having a “temper tantrum”; the teenager who talks non-stop about computers; the co-worker who is socially awkward: these situations may be responded to differently when viewed through the lens of autism awareness.
Awareness of autism, however, is not nearly enough.  In the 6 years since my son was diagnosed with autism, I’ve watched the rates climb from 1 in 110 to 1 in 50.  Instead, I would like to declare “Autism Answers Month.”    The time has come for all of us to demand answers to the tough questions:
Why does the rate of autism continue to increase?  Are we ready to look beyond genetics and better diagnosing?
Who will pay for the intensive therapy these children need when schools have limited resources and insurance companies deny coverage?
How will we meet the long term needs of these children who may enter adulthood lacking the social and communication skills to live independently?
When will autism be viewed as a national crisis?  How many children will it take to become an epidemic?
What would I do if this were MY child?  How do I prevent my loved one from being next?
For those of us living and working with autism, these questions consume us.  This month, on behalf of the 1 in 50 children with autism, I ask that they consume you too.
MNOHS Blog Posts
How is MNOHS different?
Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar
Real learning
Autism Answers Month
Becoming good at OLL
Premium blend
On being seen
MNOHS Student Voices: Sophia Barsuhn
MNOHS Student Voices: Austin Tenter
Quality time
Badges then and now
A royal pain
My MNOHS!
LOL cats and MNOHS cats
In defense of the calendar
Students and parents talk
					"I wanted a school where I can do work at my own pace and not be stressed out over a complicated schedule of assignments. MNOHS is flexible, easy to use, and very welcoming. The faculty and staff are very informative when needed, very helpful, very friendly, and very involved, and very understanding--and that is a huge bonus." -Brandon							
					"I chose MNOHS because it presents me with the opportunity to work full time and also finish up my remaining credits. I landed an awesome job as an assistant at an engineering firm during the summer and I didn't want to give it up. Now I will be able to pay for my college as I go and not have to deal with debt." -Nikolet							
					"I just wanted to tell you a massive thank you. If it wasn’t for MNOHS I would never have discovered my passion for writing and for literature. MNOHS helped me improve my self-esteem so much and that is something which has benefited me on many levels not just academically." -Efi							
					"Thank you again for helping me grow as a learner in math and not giving up when I wanted to." -Naomi							
					"I really appreciate the comments left on my assignments. They help me a lot to stay motivated and on track.  And I also really appreciate that my teachers will help me work a little bit ahead so I can take a week or two off when my son arrives so I can adjust to being a mother!"  -Cassidy							
					"Thanks for giving Lindsay so many opportunities to express her opinions about the different issues in health class.  This led to many interesting and important discussions in our family. Because Lindsay is working in class right here at home, she tells me a lot more about what she is learning at MNOHS."  -Lori B.							
					"My son has made a wonderful progress and is doing so much better with MNOHS. He is developing a healthier schedule and he actually gets excited when he does his schoolwork which is a HUGE surprise for me ! I want to applaud your staff for all of their efforts. They are on top of it and motivate my son with positive reinforcement." -Franchesca							
					"Before I enrolled in the Student Leadership Experience Advisory, I did not realize that the staff is continuously looking at ways to improve the learning process for their students. I appreciated being able to sit in on meetings with school staff, to gain an understanding of their roles and responsibilities." -Trevor							
					"I want to take this time to tell you that this has been one of my favorite science classes (Chemistry) I have ever taken. It is so different, allowing me to learn at my own pace. I am able to do classwork without the distractions that other students at school.  I am definitely recommending MNOHS to my friends!" -Grace							
					"MNOHS works great for me! I have only half of my right leg and I've been suffering from problems that have hampered my ability to walk. It has truly been a blessing to be able to work towards my diploma from home. Even greater--I definitely don't have to worry about the stares of high school kids. The teachers here are incredibly encouraging." -Victoria							
					"I enrolled at MNOHS because it was too hard for me to concentrate in a classroom environment. I have slight ADD so it's really hard for me to pay attention. At least online I can work on my assignments and take a break before I have to finish them." -Mario							
					"MNOHS provides the only schedule that allows me to stay in a treatment program and still work on my high school degree. I'm having success in treatment for the first time and I'm proud of my accomplishments. I am a bright individual that looks forward to graduating from high school and hopefully gaining the confidence to go to college." -Kelli							
					"I would like to thank you for helping me understand what is needed to be said in an essay.  I was always aware of the three parts of an essay, but I was just unable to produce one that was any good. So again I thank you." -Dominic							
					"At MNOHS, I receive one on one attention from the teachers far superior to that of the traditional classroom of one teacher and 24 to 32 students. I believe I am learning so much more in this program than I did in the classroom because of the attention I receive from the teachers." -Eric							
					"My parents were pushing me to graduate and this program was sort of a last effort to finish up. I really struggled until I woke up to what I want. I want a better job and that's what this is all about for me." -Jason							
					"At my other school I felt that the class time was a lot of times wasted. The teachers were forever telling someone to be quiet, and having to reprimand someone else for their behavior. Online I am able to focus, get down to business, and finish without any interruptions. This is a better environment for me." -Jayna							
					"Having a chance to better my communication skills online has given me a greater confidence in my interactions with other people. I have seen significant changes in myself. I've seen growth as a thinker, learner, and writer." -Barbara							
					"All the replies to my assignments were very positive. Even when I needed to work on the lesson a little more there was no negativity in my teacher's suggestions. That's very good for me because I never much felt much support in high school it seemed all negative--so MNOHS was very refreshing." -Paul							
					"I finally realized that I want to go to college. Just about a month ago I was just going to finish high school and that was it. But after researching that project on computer engineering, I have found that that is really what I want to do. Thanks for all your encouragement. You saw something in me that I didn't see in myself." -Anna							
					"I miss working with you! I am grateful for the input you gave to me on my assignments. I learned a lot from the course and I developed my writing skills. Thank you for your encouragement. You guided me to learn and to share. I am starting to use these skills in communicating with others."   -Kristina							
					"In the beginning, I wondered what kind of teachers would teach via the computer. After working with you, I now know it takes a lot of talent to teach this way, especially when you consider all the different personalities and learning styles. On top of being extremely patient and caring, you are also very educated and true professionals in every sense of the word." -Adam							
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.