About                                                                                
Enroll                                                                                
School Info                                                                                
Courses                                                                                
Support                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Like us            
Follow us            
Donate            
Blog
About MNOHS                                                                                
School Information                                                                                
Course Information                                                                                
Enrolling at MNOHS                                                                                
Faculty & Staff                                                                                
FAQs                                                                                
Try a Class!                                                                                
Calendar                                                                                
Tech Support                                                                                
Login                                                                                
Search ...
Find it
				This summer!  Two-week video and soundtrack immersion project (0.25 credit)			
	Print
Practice video and soundtrack production online with other young artists
Earn 0.25 high school credit
All skill levels welcome!
Two weeks, June 18 - 29, online!
11 a.m. to 2 p.m.  M-F + 10 hours/week for projects
This summer, MNOHS music teacher Erin Winchell and MNOHS media arts teacher Michael Wiechmann are teaming up to lead an exciting, intensive online learning experience. Youth will meet online in real time to develop video projects, show their work, and give and receive feedback.  Projects include a 30-second commercial and a 10-minute short film, documentary, or stop action.
Youth should plan to be online 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. weekdays, June 18 - 29, and to work ten additional hours per week on their projects. Most of the scheduled time is for projects but some of it will be for meetings.
Required equipment: A tablet or phone with a front-facing camera (a video camera or DSLR camera will also work). Access to a computer with high speed Internet.
Tuition for two-weeks (includes 0.25 credit):
Free for current MNOHS-only (comprehensive) students who are eligible for credit recovery (please check with your counselor)
$180 for current MNOHS students who are not eligible for credit recovery
$240 for non-MNOHS students
Interested?
MNOHS students please contact your MNOHS counselor.
If you are not currently enrolled at MNOHS, 
click to start the summer enrollment process. 
Erin Winchell has been teaching music since 2002 to band, general music and private students. Erin earned her Bachelor of Arts in Music from Gustavus Adolphus College and her Master's of Arts in Teaching from Minnesota State University, Mankato. She currently plays french horn with the South of the River Community Band and the Dakota Brass Quintet. Erin is an avid knitter, loves to read, enjoys skiing when there is snow on the ground and working in her garden when the snow is gone. Erin has been teaching at MNOHS since 2010.
Phone: 
(800) 764-8166 Ext. 126  Email: 
e.winchell@mail.mnohs.org
Michael Wiechmann has a B.A. in Studio Art from Bethany Lutheran College and an M.Ed from Minnesota State University in Mankato.  Michael started with MNOHS in 2014 and currently teaches Media Arts, Graphic Design, and Video Production. Michael is an active artist, working on commissions and taking part in numerous shows. His art can be seen at 
http://wiechmannart.com/
. Michael enjoys working with students on creating works of art that mean something to them, as well as helping them grow as artists and individuals. 
Phone: 
(800) 764-8166 Ext. 324  Email: 
m.wiechmann@mail.mnohs.org 
MNOHS News
				How is MNOHS different?					
				MNOHS on Rural Radio MN					
				Real learning					
				MNOHS Letter to the Editor					
				My MNOHS!					
				Traffic cop: My love affair with webinar					
				Autism Answers Month					
				Becoming good at OLL					
Now Tweeting 
MNOHS    Now that it actually feels like spring, you might be thinking about summer. However, it's still important to finish the school year strong. Here are 9 tips to get you started. 
www.theodysseyonline.com/9-ways-finish-school-year-strong
MNOHS    Earn credit and create cool videos this summer with the Two-Week Online Video and Soundtrack Immersion Project. Register now! 
www.mnohs.org/two-week-online-video-immersion-project-0-25-credit
MNOHS    Join @MNOHS counselors, teachers and students at the Big Virtual College Fair on March 13th. Talk to your counselor more more information. 
collegefair.thebigvirtual.com/
Nationally accredited online learning for grades 9-12
Questions?
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Your message
Invalid Input
Refresh
Invalid Input
Please enter security code
submit
Contact Us
2314 University Ave W Suite 10 
Saint Paul, MN 
55114-1863 
Phone: 1-800-764-8166 
Fax: 1-866-586-2870
Email:  
info@mnohs.org
Sign up
 for the MNOHS Sampler Course
Quick Links
Employment and Internships
Share your Talents with MHOHS
Outstanding Commendations!
College Transcript Requests
Login Links
As stated in the Minnesota Online High School Enrollment Policy and other board policies, Minnesota Online High School does not limit admission to pupils on the basis of intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability--and does not discriminate on the basis of race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; gender; marital status; disability; status with regard to public assistance; immigration status; sexual orientation; age; intellectual ability; measures of achievement or aptitude; or athletic ability.