Home
About Our School
How to Enroll
Academics
Character Building - M7
Student Testing Schedule
Parent Involvement
Special Education
School Pledge
Student Conduct / Dress
Volunteers & Vistors
Board Members
Useful Resources
Summer Day Camp
Rocket Sports Program
F.A.Q.
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Staff Email
 Ohio 2012
 School Rating
Registration Begins : April 1, 2016 - Limited Slots Available
          Register today at APDS Inc. Call 614-253-4448
The S.M.A.R.T. Enrichment Program is an eight week summer day camp for girls and boys located at Millennium Community School in partnership with APDS Inc. Our youth enrichment program provides an exciting and enhanced experience for youth ages 6 to 13. Our program provides a unique blend of academics, recreation, adventure, creativity and sports designed to improve confidence, reinforce academic excellence and cultivate life-long learning that will serve as inner resources for building character. From soccer to robotics and basketball to the arts, each day is filled with new experiences and great opportunities aimed to expose campers to a wide range of healthy, fun activities which capitalize on individual achievement and teamwork.          
 Our camp focuses on key areas such as; academics and sports balanced with art, dance, technology awareness and martial arts activity blocks. Campers will receive an average of 3 hours of academic instruction per day, mixed with breakfast, lunch, snack and fun camp activities. Physical activities include ultimate frisbee, capture-the-flag, fun team building games, soccer, basketball, etc. The summer camp groups are small, limiting groups to a 15 –20 youth per group maximum. 
Time
Subject
7:30 AM
Arrival/Breakfast
9:00 AM
Morning Drills
9:30 AM
Academic Block 1
10:30 AM    
Academic Block 2
11:30 AM
Concept Review
12:00 PM
Lunch
12:30 PM
Afternoon Drills
1:00 PM
Academic Lab
2:00 PM
Activity Block
3:00 PM
Sport of the Week
4:30 PM
Snack / Clean Up
5:30 PM
Depart/Sign-Out
Fine arts and activities are integrated throughout the camp curriculum, to allow campers to hone their creativity, and experience new genres of art and forms of self expression.
Each week, a different sport will be featured to foster team work and fitness. Campers will be challenged according to their skill level.
For a minimum of three hours per day, our Highly Qualified Teachers will deliver curriculum lessons based on the national academic content standards in Math and Reading. Students participate daily in Content Labs which tie together the core subjects by using hands-on activities. 
Each week a different theme will be featured to expose campers to a wide range of challenging ideas to cultivate critical thinking.
Weekly Adventure
C.O.S.I.
Fort Rapids Water Park
Ohio Museum
Golf Range
College Tour
Columbus Zoo
Backyard Camp Out
Camp Graduation **
Twice a day, campers  are gathered for 30 minutes for a brief callisthenic work-out, camp announcements; coupled with positive affirmations about personal achievement, teamwork, perseverance, and a review of camp rules. This unique call and response session is designed to praise and motivate campers throughout the day. 
Home
 | 
Contact Web Master
 | 
Privacy & Security 
| Business Practices 
© Copyright 2016.  Millennium Community School is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). 