Home
About Our School
How to Enroll
Academics
Character Building - M7
Student Testing Schedule
Parent Involvement
Special Education
School Pledge
Student Conduct / Dress
Volunteers & Vistors
Board Members
Useful Resources
Summer Day Camp
Rocket Sports Program
F.A.Q.
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Staff Email
 Ohio 2012
 School Rating
Register  today! Call 614-255-5585 or RocketsSports@2kschool.com
An interscholastic athletic program as a co-curricular activity is  an integral part of the total education and growth experience at 
Millennium Community School
. The purpose of the athletic  program is to provide a variety of experiences that will enhance and round out  the quality of each student that participates. Through participation in  athletics students will mature physically, emotionally, and socially. Students  will also learn to take responsibility for personal growth by developing  loyalty, pride, integrity and commitment. Student-athletes, coaches, parents  and administration are called upon to work together in the true spirit of  sportsmanship and community. Only with the cooperation of all parties involved can a successful  program be maintained. 
Millennium Community School  provides a holistic educational experience where students are encouraged to  develop their talents, develop academically and physically, and to mature  personally. To be an effective student-athlete, a person must develop  self-discipline, respect for authority and the spirit of hard work and  sacrifice. Extracurricular programs are valued at Millennium Community School  as a means to broaden the student experience in a variety of creative and  productive ways. Through participation, students will learn to take  responsibility for personal growth by developing loyalty, pride, integrity and  commitment. 
Under the guidance and direction of  qualified and dedicated coaches, our students learn to compete while respecting  the dignity of others and celebrating their differences. Student-athletes are  taught to be compassionate in victory and gracious in defeat, reaching beyond  themselves with concern for the needs of others. Student-athletes also are  expected to be model students in the classroom, respect shown to school staff  and adhere to school rules. Competitive athletic programs provide our students  opportunities to learn important lessons in teamwork, commitment, character,  discipline, respect and determination that enrich the lives of our students and  prepare them for future success.
Practice: 6pm - 8pm Tuesdays & Thursdays 
Practice: 6pm - 8pm Tuesdays - Thursdays 
Practice 6pm - 8pm Tuesdays - Thursdays 
Practice: TBA
Home
 | 
Contact Web Master
 | 
Privacy & Security 
| Business Practices 
© Copyright 2016.  Millennium Community School is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). 