Home
About Our School
How to Enroll
Academics
Character Building - M7
Student Testing Schedule
Parent Involvement
Special Education
School Pledge
Student Conduct / Dress
Volunteers & Vistors
Board Members
Useful Resources
Summer Day Camp
Rocket Sports Program
F.A.Q.
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Staff Email
 Ohio 2012
 School Rating
School Board Members
Millennium Community School is governed by a Board of Directors whose role and responsibility is to oversee school related matters (i.e., general and personnel policies, operations and fiscal priorities).
Mr. Kevin Harris, President
            Kevin has over 10 years in the retail industry in banking, management and customer service. He currently serves as the President of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Community School.  President Harris has been a member of the School Board of Directors since 2006.          
            Mrs. Yvonne Chambers, Vice President
            Yvonne is a resident of Columbus Ohio. Ms. Chambers recently retired from Nationwide Insurance Company, where she was employed for 21 years in their Office of General Counsel. Her experience in social services and law is a valuable asset to the School Board.  Secretary Chambers has been a member of the School Board of Directors since 2009.
            Mrs. Manika Williams, Secretary
            Manika is a graduate of Tuskegee University with a degree in Early Childhood Education, started her professional career as an officer in the Air Force. Her work is focused on improving the quality of early care and education programs in the community. Board Member Williams has been a member of the School Board of Directors since 2010.
            Ms. Tonya Sapp, Esq, Board Member
            Tonya is a Graduate of Capital University Law School and a Felicia Beth Nekritz Juvenile Law Fellow at the National Center for Adoption Law and Policy (“NCALP”).  She contributes to Millennium’s mission in elevating student achievement and meeting the needs of today’s families and children in preparing them for the twenty-first century.  Board Member Sapp has been a member of the School Board of Directors since 2011.
            Mr. Bobby Ware, Board Member
          Bobby retired from the United States Armed Forces (Army) in January 2002 after 22 years, working as an Administrator, Logistician and Trainer. Bobby’s “each one teach one” common since approach to self-empowerment, self-development and community involvement is a value add asset to the Millennium Community School family. Board Member Ware has been a member of the School Board of Directors since 2011.
Home
 | 
Contact Web Master
 | 
Privacy & Security 
| Business Practices 
© Copyright 2016.  Millennium Community School is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). 