Home
About Our School
How to Enroll
Academics
Character Building - M7
Student Testing Schedule
Parent Involvement
Special Education
School Pledge
Student Conduct / Dress
Volunteers & Vistors
Board Members
Useful Resources
Summer Day Camp
Rocket Sports Program
F.A.Q.
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Staff Email
 Ohio 2012
 School Rating
Academics 
Homework Help
Homework is assigned to help a student become more self-reliant, learn to work independently and improve their skills. Home study assignments also give parents a way to acquaint themselves with the school program and their child's progress.  We invite you to become partners with us by monitoring this work at home and talking with your child about his or her homework assignments and activities. 
Homework request/makeup policy
If a student is absent, parents may request assignments by contacting the school's attendance office. Please allow 24 hours notice for teachers to prepare assignments. In general, students will be allotted two days for each day of absence to complete written assignments. 
Homework Resources 
Check out these helpful links for references and resources to help your child with assignments and projects: 
http://www.refdesk.com 
A search engine site. Search by keyword or subject. 
http://www.ajkids.com 
Ask Jeeves a question, use an on-line dictionary, thesaurus or search by subject. 
Reynoldsburg
                Report Cards
  Millenium Community School is on a quarter reporting system. Report cards are issued at the end of each quarter grading period. 
  Interims
  Interim report cards will go home to all students midway through each quarter. In addition, interim reports are prepared and sent to parents when the teacher feels that communication between grading periods is necessary. 
  Parent - Teacher Conferences
  Parent-teacher conferences are scheduled multiple times throughout the school year. Parents are invited to come to the school and confer with their child's teacher at a scheduled time. A parent or teacher may request a conference at any time during the school year. A parent desiring a conference at any time other than regularly scheduled conferences is requested to contact the school. A conference will be arranged at a time when the teacher is not busy with assigned classes. Parents are requested not to "just drop in" to see a teacher. It may be impossible for the teacher to leave assigned duties to talk to the parent.  
                  Weekly Assesments
Teachers turn in weekly reports of lessons completed, and the explicit assumption is that all children have mastered all material in each and every completed lesson. The curriculum provides a clear standard against which each teacher's performance is measured. Should performance fall below expectations, adjustments are made in teaching technique or placement of the child. The school employs curriculum specialists to collect and analyze student data and to train, evaluate and manage teachers, and report to the school administration on student progress. 
                  Benchmark/Proficiency Academy 
To ensure that our students are prepared for state tests, all students participate in benchmark/proficiency preparation classes. During these classes, students will be exposed to the vocabulary and/or mechanics that will appear on the test that may slightly differ from what is in the DI curriculum. Since the inception of these preparation classes, we have seen a steady increase in our test scores. 
Home
 | 
Contact Web Master
 | 
Privacy & Security 
| Business Practices 
© Copyright 2016.  Millennium Community School is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). 