Skip to main content
Search site using Google
Search Site button
Logo link to home page
Toggle navigation 
										Compass Montessori School
Home
About Us  
About Compass Montessori School
Outcomes
Enrollment
Tours and Parent Orientation
Observation Policy
Contact Us
Driving Directions
Programs  
Important Secondary School Dates 2017-2018
Secondary Bell Schedule
High School
Farm School  
Farm School New Parent Orientation
Coffee Shop Opening
Farm School Overview
Occupations
Community and Kitchen Occupation
Farm Studio Occupation
Store Occupation
Makerspace
Credit Overview for Farm School Students (9th Grade)
Learn Math Facts - Why is it Important
Farm School Staff  Qualifications and Fun Facts
Wheat Ridge Children's House  
Mountain Room
Prairie Room
Forest Room
Golden Children's House  
Golden Children's House West
Golden Children's House East
Wheat Ridge Lower Elementary  
Cypress Room
Acacia Room
Aspen Room
Golden Lower Elementary  
Aquamarine Room
Pyrite Room
Wheat Ridge Upper Elementary  
Earth Room
Water Room
Fire Room
Golden Upper Elementary  
Garnet Room
Topaz Room
Before & After School Care
Golden Campus After School Activities
Wheat Ridge Campus After School Activities
Destination Imagination
Compass Staff  
Golden Staff and Bios
Wheat Ridge Staff and Bios
Parents  
Important Phone Numbers
Compass All School Hours
Golden Campus Carline Procedure
Wheat Ridge Drop Off and Pick Up
Compass Community Ski Day
Golden Drop Off and Pick Up
School Emergency Situations Information
Compass Running Club
Parent Education  
Compassionate Parenting Class
Compass Summer Program
Why is “Grace & Courtesy” a big deal in Montessori?
Montessori Lessons  
Elementary Noun Lesson 
Long Division - Test Tubes
6-9 Multiplication Lesson
Small Bead Frame Lesson
Parent Seminars
Assessment Tools
How to add the Compass Website to my mobile device
2018 Spring CMAS Assessments
Barn Dance and Potluck
Ninja the Walkout
Students  
Student Information
Student Use of District Computing Resources and the Internet
Forms & Links
QUICK LINKS
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program  
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications  
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer  
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook  
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics  
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
					Quick Links				
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
Observation Policy    
Observations Dates and Times:
Only families that have been accepted to Compass Montessori are invited to sign up for Observations
Observations MUST be scheduled (no drop-ins)
One observation per level (this includes observing in your own child's classroom)
One family per classroom per day between 
9am
 & 10:45 am (1/2 hour observation)
Observations will begin on October 1
There will be no observations on:
November 19-21 (Thanksgiving Feast & Thanksgiving Break)
December 15-19 (Winter Break Preparation & Festivities)
January 6-30 (Enrollment)
March-May (State Assessments - call for availability) 
Parent Information for Observations
: 
We are pleased that you are taking the time to visit and observe one of our classrooms. We have a high regard for the children’s classroom environment and take great care not to interrupt their concentration and focus. We ask that you stay seated in the classroom and try not to engage the children in conversation. A polite “hello” and a direct response about who you are would be appropriate. Below you will find guidelines to assist you in ensuring that your experience is as valuable as possible. Attached is a list of questions for your use while observing the classroom as well as space to take notes. If you have questions while observing, please write them down. The teacher is often unable to take time away from their classroom duties during the course of an observation. If you have questions about something you observed please contact the following person by email:
Golden Campus
Principal
: Seth Webb
swebb@compassk12.org
Wheat Ridge
Principal: Cameron Gehlen
cgehlen@compassk12.org
For questions regarding enrollment, please contact:
Golden Campus
Kami Osborne
kosborne@compassk12.org
Wheat Ridge Campus
​Nicole Deutschman
ndeutschman@compassk12.org
Classroom Atmosphere
A great deal of 
effort
 and thought is devoted to the “prepared environment” of a Montessori classroom. Each piece of material has been placed on the shelf to help the child independently develop a particular skill. Each of our classes is divided into multi-age groups: 
Children’s House: 3, 4, & 
5 year olds
Lower Elementary: 
6-9 year olds
 (1st, 2nd & 3rd grades)
Upper Elementary: 
9-12 year olds
 (4th, 5th & 6th grades)
Farm School: 
12-15 year olds
 (7th, 8th & 9th grades)
High School: 
15-18 year olds
 (10th, 11th & 12th grades)
Degree of Self-Direction
Notice that the students learn in different ways. With some types of materials, you will see groups of students working cooperatively, and with 
others
 you will find an individual student working intently. Still other students may be walking through the classroom seemingly not engaged in any direct activity. Very often, this last type of student is engaging in absorbing the other students and materials through observation. 
Role of the Teacher and Assistant
The teacher is the facilitator of the children’s autonomous learning processes. S/he prepares the environment and gives students the tools to utilize the materials. Sometimes the teacher provides direct encouragement or indirect appreciation and at other times judicious absence. There is a basic respect for each individual student’s particular style of learning in the Montessori classroom.  You will notice that the classroom assistant may not be actively involved with teaching. S/he is another calm and gentle presence in the classroom, quietly helping to maintain the environment and unobtrusively supporting the teacher in her work with the students. 
Sociability
Watch the ways in which the students offer assistance to one another-- with the materials and with everyday tasks. Note how the younger students absorb the older student’s work simply by being near them and how, conversely, the older student will assist the younger ones with work that they have already mastered. The student’s natural desire to form friends and be part of an ongoing community is ever present in the Montessori classroom. 
Things to Look for During Classroom Observation
The Environment
Is the room attractive?
Are the materials in good condition?
Are the materials visible and easily accessible to the students?
Do the materials seem to be logically arranged?
Is the room neat and clean?
The Teacher and the Assistant
Does s/he present lessons clearly and seem aware of the student’s response?
Does s/he maintain classroom limits (by intervening when necessary)?
Does s/he give the student’s freedom to work and exploDoes s/he seem comfortable and relaxed in the room?
Does s/he seem to be aware of what is going on in the room?
Does s/he respond to the children appropriately?
Does s/he treat each child with respect and courtesy?
Does s/he contribute to keeping order in the room?
re their classroom environment independently?
The Students
Please choose one or two students to observe, plus the class as a whole:
Do they seem comfortable and relaxed in the room?
Do they follow the ground rules?
Do they ask for help when they need it?
Do they seem happy at school?
Do they follow instructions willingly?
Do they work well together and get along?
Do they concentrate for extended periods of time?
Do they choose work independently?
Do they finish their chosen work?
I
s their work orderly and are materials returned to their original locations?
Our aim is to provide the children with a loving, respectful and supportive environment in which they will develop into human beings who...
have a good self-concept
have respect for themselves and for the work around them
initiate tasks with interest and enthusiasm
are self-motivated
can complete the tasks they initiate
            This is a secure Staff Intranet content page and cannot be viewed by the public.  			Please contact your Technology Director to gain access to the Staff Intranet 			area in order to view this page.			
            Thank you,
Facebook            
Intranet            
CMS Login            
Facebook            
                    Compass Montessori School Wheat Ridge | 10399 W. 44th Ave. • Wheat Ridge, CO 80033                    
                    (303) 420-8288 • Attendance: (303) 982-6560 • Fax: (303) 420-0139                
                    Compass Montessori School Golden | 4441 Salvia St. • Golden, CO 80403                    
                    (303) 271-1977 • Attendance: (303) 982-6732 • Fax: (720) 613-0347                