Skip to main content
Search site using Google
Search Site button
Select Language
​
▼
Logo link to home page
Toggle navigation 
										Compass Montessori School
Home
About Us  
About Compass Montessori School
Outcomes
Enrollment
Tours and Parent Orientation
Observation Policy
Contact Us
Driving Directions
Programs  
Important Secondary School Dates 2017-2018
Secondary Bell Schedule
High School
Farm School  
Farm School New Parent Orientation
Coffee Shop Opening
Farm School Overview
Occupations
Community and Kitchen Occupation
Farm Studio Occupation
Store Occupation
Makerspace
Credit Overview for Farm School Students (9th Grade)
Learn Math Facts - Why is it Important
Farm School Staff  Qualifications and Fun Facts
Wheat Ridge Children's House  
Mountain Room
Prairie Room
Forest Room
Golden Children's House  
Golden Children's House West
Golden Children's House East
Wheat Ridge Lower Elementary  
Cypress Room
Acacia Room
Aspen Room
Golden Lower Elementary  
Aquamarine Room
Pyrite Room
Wheat Ridge Upper Elementary  
Earth Room
Water Room
Fire Room
Golden Upper Elementary  
Garnet Room
Topaz Room
Before & After School Care
Golden Campus After School Activities
Wheat Ridge Campus After School Activities
Destination Imagination
Compass Staff  
Golden Staff and Bios
Wheat Ridge Staff and Bios
Parents  
Important Phone Numbers
Compass All School Hours
Golden Campus Carline Procedure
Wheat Ridge Drop Off and Pick Up
Compass Community Ski Day
Golden Drop Off and Pick Up
School Emergency Situations Information
Compass Running Club
Parent Education  
Compassionate Parenting Class
Compass Summer Program
Why is “Grace & Courtesy” a big deal in Montessori?
Montessori Lessons  
Elementary Noun Lesson 
Long Division - Test Tubes
6-9 Multiplication Lesson
Small Bead Frame Lesson
Parent Seminars
Assessment Tools
How to add the Compass Website to my mobile device
2018 Spring CMAS Assessments
Barn Dance and Potluck
Ninja the Walkout
Students  
Student Information
Student Use of District Computing Resources and the Internet
Forms & Links
QUICK LINKS
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program  
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications  
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer  
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook  
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics  
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
					Quick Links				
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
Why is “Grace & Courtesy” a big deal in Montessori?    
You cannot observe a Montessori classroom for even a short time without coming away with an impression that Montessori children are by and large very polite, orderly and impressively quiet and serene. This atmosphere is created by the lessons of “grace and courtesy”. Grace and courtesy – good manners, caring about each other, putting others first – are solid virtues that make possible the extraordinary academic gains of a Montessori classroom. Grace and courtesy 
is
 one of the non-traditional academic foundations of a successful Montessori education. It is significant even beyond the academic accomplishments that your child will achieve in Montessori.
Many lessons in Montessori (and life) are learned obliquely or indirectly as a by product of other lessons. (For example, in Montessori all of the lessons of practical life - examples? -  are really preparations for reading and writing.)
While the exercises of grace and courtesy are tremendously valuable all by themselves they also lead to four significant outcomes.
The Montessori environment is a classroom of individual learners, each progressing at their own personal pace. t is also a community of learners who help, encourage and teach each other. The courtesy of using an inside voice so as not to disturb their classmates; the courtesy of walking so as not to disrupt the learning going on is just the beginning of creating a unique learning environment. Sharing the learning materials, waiting your turn patiently, preferring and helping each other transforms the classroom into an oasis of peace where concentration and learning can happen. Valuing community is a significant outcome.
Second, grace and courtesy 
leads
 to the most significant lesson in life – how to love. Love is the ability (and the desire) to put someone else’s needs in front of yours – wanting the best for them. Whether it is holding a door, letting them go first, or doing what pleases them, love is a great lesson (most often demonstrated in small actions and ways.) Grace and courtesy 
is
 the doorway to love.
The third benefit of grace and courtesy is the building of 
self respect
. Interestingly, when we are kind and courteous to others we like ourselves better. The young child cannot articulate all the conflicting emotions that are part of growing up, but the structure of grace and courtesy helps them enjoy the feelings that come from a calm and orderly environment. They are much more at peace with themselves when they are at peace with their neighbor.
The fourth benefit is that grace and courtesy 
contributes
 to the development of 
self control
. Grace and courtesy give children an external set of markers that they internalize and practice which in turn leads them to change their own behavior. This is the first step to controlling 
themselves
. 
Self control
 will lead to focus; focus will lead to accomplishment; accomplishment will lead to success.
Not a bad byproduct for “Please” and “Thank you”.      
            This is a secure Staff Intranet content page and cannot be viewed by the public.  			Please contact your Technology Director to gain access to the Staff Intranet 			area in order to view this page.			
            Thank you,
Facebook            
Intranet            
CMS Login            
Facebook            
                    Compass Montessori School Wheat Ridge | 10399 W. 44th Ave. • Wheat Ridge, CO 80033                    
                    (303) 420-8288 • Attendance: (303) 982-6560 • Fax: (303) 420-0139                
                    Compass Montessori School Golden | 4441 Salvia St. • Golden, CO 80403                    
                    (303) 271-1977 • Attendance: (303) 982-6732 • Fax: (720) 613-0347                
Original text
Contribute a better translation