Skip to main content
Search site using Google
Search Site button
Logo link to home page
Toggle navigation 
										Compass Montessori School
Home
About Us  
About Compass Montessori School
Outcomes
Enrollment
Tours and Parent Orientation
Observation Policy
Contact Us
Driving Directions
Programs  
Important Secondary School Dates 2017-2018
Secondary Bell Schedule
High School
Farm School  
Farm School New Parent Orientation
Coffee Shop Opening
Farm School Overview
Occupations
Community and Kitchen Occupation
Farm Studio Occupation
Store Occupation
Makerspace
Credit Overview for Farm School Students (9th Grade)
Learn Math Facts - Why is it Important
Farm School Staff  Qualifications and Fun Facts
Wheat Ridge Children's House  
Mountain Room
Prairie Room
Forest Room
Golden Children's House  
Golden Children's House West
Golden Children's House East
Wheat Ridge Lower Elementary  
Cypress Room
Acacia Room
Aspen Room
Golden Lower Elementary  
Aquamarine Room
Pyrite Room
Wheat Ridge Upper Elementary  
Earth Room
Water Room
Fire Room
Golden Upper Elementary  
Garnet Room
Topaz Room
Before & After School Care
Golden Campus After School Activities
Wheat Ridge Campus After School Activities
Destination Imagination
Compass Staff  
Golden Staff and Bios
Wheat Ridge Staff and Bios
Parents  
Important Phone Numbers
Compass All School Hours
Golden Campus Carline Procedure
Wheat Ridge Drop Off and Pick Up
Compass Community Ski Day
Golden Drop Off and Pick Up
School Emergency Situations Information
Compass Running Club
Parent Education  
Compassionate Parenting Class
Compass Summer Program
Why is “Grace & Courtesy” a big deal in Montessori?
Montessori Lessons  
Elementary Noun Lesson 
Long Division - Test Tubes
6-9 Multiplication Lesson
Small Bead Frame Lesson
Parent Seminars
Assessment Tools
How to add the Compass Website to my mobile device
2018 Spring CMAS Assessments
Barn Dance and Potluck
Ninja the Walkout
Students  
Student Information
Student Use of District Computing Resources and the Internet
Forms & Links
QUICK LINKS
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program  
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications  
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer  
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook  
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics  
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
					Quick Links				
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
About Compass Montessori School    
Compass Montessori School is a Preschool through 12th grade Colorado Public Charter School that was approved by the Jefferson County School Board on December 11, 
1997
 and opened in the fall of 1998.
The parents who created Compass Montessori are committed to the Montessori philosophy because of the positive learning experience their children have had in Montessori schools. In keeping with this teaching philosophy, the school's campus (the Wheat Ridge Pre-K through 6th Grade campus is located at 10399 West 44th Avenue in Wheat Ridge and the Golden PreK through 12th Grade campus is located at 4441 Salvia Street in Golden) has ample space for indoor and outdoor education and play. Multi-age classrooms, with children acting as both students and teachers, foster a close-knit community where children learn to respect themselves, others and the environment. Children progress at their own pace, mastering a set progression of skills and learning objectives. This self-paced curriculum with traditional Montessori materials encourages independence, problem-solving, and a lifelong love of learning. Historically, Montessori elementary students do well compared to their elementary peers. Montessori schools are academically high-rated schools, and Compass Montessori plans to continue this tradition.
Mission Statement 
Utilizing authentic Montessori methods, the Compass community aims to nurture the whole child and enrich the lives of each student from Preschool to 12th grade. 
Compass will provide appropriate challenges and support to enable each student to prepare for the intellectual, spiritual, emotional, social, physical, and societal transitions appropriate to each 
students
 inner vocation. Our goal is to foster competent, responsible, and independent citizens who love learning and respect themselves, other people and their environment.
A Culture of Work and Wonder...
As one of the only public schools in the country that offers a full Montessori education from Pre-K through 12th grade, the Compass Montessori community fosters a love of learning among our students by applying the theory and practice of one of the world's greatest educators – Maria Montessori.
...That Nurtures and Empowers the Whole Child
An education at Compass Montessori not only emphasizes academics but also focuses on community citizenship, physical health, emotional wellness, service learning, the development of grace &courtesy, and peaceful resolution. All of this while providing all children with a comprehensive education that meets state and national academic standards. 
Supporting The Passionate Development of Lifelong Learners...
Echoing the mantra of "follow the child," Compass Montessori guides seek to inspire a passion for learning by encouraging students to explore their world in a  prepared environment that is rich with learning materials and opportunities. We offer our youngest learners a solid introduction to the world around them. We teach the "great lessons" of exploration of student-based questions. We help students learn from our world through "going-outs" and overnight trips (including out of state trips (including out of state trips in middle school and international travel in high school). We inspire through project-based and hands-on learning.
...Who Continuously Improve Themselves and The World Around Them
Throughout a child's education at Compass, students become members of a community where their service is critical to our sustenance. Our students help prepare and serve meals and snacks. Middle school students participate in "occupations" that support a 150 student "working village". High School students spend one day a week in "AWOL" – a program to foster internship and community service time in our broader community.
            This is a secure Staff Intranet content page and cannot be viewed by the public.  			Please contact your Technology Director to gain access to the Staff Intranet 			area in order to view this page.			
            Thank you,
Facebook            
Intranet            
CMS Login            
Facebook            
                    Compass Montessori School Wheat Ridge | 10399 W. 44th Ave. • Wheat Ridge, CO 80033                    
                    (303) 420-8288 • Attendance: (303) 982-6560 • Fax: (303) 420-0139                
                    Compass Montessori School Golden | 4441 Salvia St. • Golden, CO 80403                    
                    (303) 271-1977 • Attendance: (303) 982-6732 • Fax: (720) 613-0347                