Skip to main content
Search site using Google
Search Site button
Logo link to home page
Toggle navigation 
										Compass Montessori School
Home
About Us  
About Compass Montessori School
Outcomes
Enrollment
Tours and Parent Orientation
Observation Policy
Contact Us
Driving Directions
Programs  
Important Secondary School Dates 2017-2018
Secondary Bell Schedule
High School
Farm School  
Farm School New Parent Orientation
Coffee Shop Opening
Farm School Overview
Occupations
Community and Kitchen Occupation
Farm Studio Occupation
Store Occupation
Makerspace
Credit Overview for Farm School Students (9th Grade)
Learn Math Facts - Why is it Important
Farm School Staff  Qualifications and Fun Facts
Wheat Ridge Children's House  
Mountain Room
Prairie Room
Forest Room
Golden Children's House  
Golden Children's House West
Golden Children's House East
Wheat Ridge Lower Elementary  
Cypress Room
Acacia Room
Aspen Room
Golden Lower Elementary  
Aquamarine Room
Pyrite Room
Wheat Ridge Upper Elementary  
Earth Room
Water Room
Fire Room
Golden Upper Elementary  
Garnet Room
Topaz Room
Before & After School Care
Golden Campus After School Activities
Wheat Ridge Campus After School Activities
Destination Imagination
Compass Staff  
Golden Staff and Bios
Wheat Ridge Staff and Bios
Parents  
Important Phone Numbers
Compass All School Hours
Golden Campus Carline Procedure
Wheat Ridge Drop Off and Pick Up
Compass Community Ski Day
Golden Drop Off and Pick Up
School Emergency Situations Information
Compass Running Club
Parent Education  
Compassionate Parenting Class
Compass Summer Program
Why is “Grace & Courtesy” a big deal in Montessori?
Montessori Lessons  
Elementary Noun Lesson 
Long Division - Test Tubes
6-9 Multiplication Lesson
Small Bead Frame Lesson
Parent Seminars
Assessment Tools
How to add the Compass Website to my mobile device
2018 Spring CMAS Assessments
Barn Dance and Potluck
Ninja the Walkout
Students  
Student Information
Student Use of District Computing Resources and the Internet
Forms & Links
QUICK LINKS
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program  
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications  
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer  
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook  
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics  
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
					Quick Links				
Home
Sponsorship Package for the 2018 Old Westa Festa
Compass Lunch Program
Golden May Lunch Menu
WR Campus May Menu
MealTime - Pay Lunch Fees
2017-2018 Family Economic Data Survey (Free & Reduced Application)
Financial Transparency
Compass Communications
Golden MAG
Wheat Ridge Campus WAG
Compass Board
Compass Library
Employment
PTSA
Donate Now!
Volunteer
Bingo
Log your Volunteer Hours
WR Library Volunteer Schedule 
Compass Yearbook
Order your 2016-17 Yearbook
Compass Athletics
Compass High School MTB Team - Compass Trail Blazers
UNICORNS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM
HIGH SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
FARM SCHOOL ULTIMATE FRISBEE TEAM
Photo Galleries
Alumni
Alumni    
The Alumni Ambassadors Program is designed to bridge the Compass community with the Compass alumni community. Alumni Ambassadors are available to answer questions about their educational experiences at Compass High School as well as questions about their post-graduation lives and how Compass has prepared them. All of the alumni ambassadors have provided their emails and will do their best to respond to questions in a timely manner, however, as many of them are college students or budding professionals, their responses may be slightly delayed. If you have any questions about the Alumni Ambassadors Program, please contact Ellie Svoboda at 
ellie.svoboda@gmail.com
.
Alumni Ambassadors
Leah Fishbaugh graduated Compass in 2009 after attending since 5th 
grade,
 and now holds a BFA in Musical Theatre from Cornish College of the Arts (Class of 2013). In her time at Compass, Leah participated in an international trip to Greece & Italy, took after-school drama classes, and volunteered with Rainbow Alley and the Denver Children's Advocacy Center. Now a full-time Seattle resident, Leah continues to perform in two companies that she co-founded (RiOT Productions, Broken Cage Collective) as well as with her burlesque troupe, The Rainier Cherries. When she is not performing, Leah works part time as a social media strategist for TeenTix, 
an arts
 accessibility program for youth, and as a project assistant for Seattle/King County Clinic, a free healthcare clinic that occurs yearly at Seattle Center. She plans to begin applying for grad school within the next few years to get a Masters degree in 
Counseling,
 so that she may continue her work with adolescents in a therapeutic context. She can be reached by email at 
leah.fishbaugh@gmail.com
.
Hannah Freyer graduated from Compass in 2012. She is currently a 
4th year
 student at Colorado College. This year she is spending her fall semester abroad in the beautiful city of Saint Petersburg, Russia, but will finish my school year at Colorado College in the spring. Although she is a Russian and Eurasian Studies major, Hannah has many other academic interests including  international affairs, political philosophy and most of all biology. Hannah enjoys riding her bike, learning about new cultures, reading, playing sports, and sailing 
tallships
. Hannah can be contacted at 
Hannah.Freyer@coloradocollege.edu
. 
Adam Lovell graduated Compass in 2013. During his time at 
Compass
 he participated in two incredible international trips and completed an internship at Jefferson Country’s Outdoor Lab. The summer after graduation Adam worked for a lawn care service and saved up enough money to travel to Europe for two months. While in Europe, he visited Paris, Switzerland, Munich, Prague, Warsaw, Berlin, Amsterdam, and parts of southern England. This experience opened Adam’s eyes to 
travelling
 the world and experiencing new cultures. It was also interesting for him to go back to Prague after spending time there with Compass in 2012. After returning to Colorado, Adam spent three semesters at Colorado Mountain College and Red Rocks completing core credits. After seriously injuring his knee skiing in April 2014, Adam was incapacitated for six months. In January 2015, after healing, Adam purchased a ticket to Bogota, Colombia to continue my journey of 
travelling
 the world. During his four months in Colombia and Ecuador he completed a Permaculture Design Certification, became fluent in Spanish, and found a passion for organic food production! Since returning from Colombia, Adam has been living on his own in Lyons, Colorado and working at Aspen Moon Farms, an Organic and Biodynamic certified farm outside Boulder. Adam is enjoying life and currently seeking educational scholarships. His goal is to teach Permaculture techniques to the youth through farm school models much like the one at Compass! Adam can be contacted at 
mr.adamlovell@gmail.com
“Blessings to everyone in the Compass and Compass Alumni community, and
best of luck in our collective journey! Otro
mundo
 es possible!”
Tyler Maydew graduated from Compass in 2011 after attending the school from 5th grade. During his time at the Compass High School, Tyler participated in two of the international trips: one to Russia, the Czech Republic and Berlin, and another to London and Paris. Additionally Tyler was involved in leading a group at Habitat for Humanity for a Service Intensive Project. For his AWOL, Tyler taught P.E. to Upper El at the Compass Elementary Wheat Ridge Campus and for his last two years worked at Habitat for Humanity. Tyler was also a part of the Ultimate team, and during his senior year elected to take several courses downtown at the University of Colorado – Denver. More recently, Tyler graduated cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Denver, where he majored in Electrical Engineering with a minor in Mathematics. At DU, Tyler was heavily involved in the Office of Admissions as a tour guide and as a member of the club rowing team, which won bronze in the 2015 Men’s Quad Final at the American Collegiate Rowing Association Regatta in Gainesville, Georgia. Additionally, Tyler worked part time as a tutor to first and second year engineering students, as well as a peer mentor for first 
year
 engineering students. Currently, Tyler is employed as an Associate Hardware Engineer at SEAKR Engineering Inc, in Centennial Colorado. Tyler can be contacted anytime 
at:
tyler.maydew@gmail.com
.
Dilyn
 Myers 
graduated from Compass in 2011 after attending 
since 
the inaugurating kindergarten class of 1998. After 
Compass she attended New York University, where she majored in English Literature and had two minors in Spanish and Studio Art. She studied abroad in Madrid, Spain, and traveled to countries from Ireland to Morocco with NYU classes. While in New York she tutored high school students at a non profit and became a student supervisor in the office of undergraduate admissions. She wrote her senior honors thesis on Kerouac and Steinbeck's road trip novels,
 and won a research grant to drive from Denver to Austin, TX to photograph the landscape and research primary documents at UT. Her abstract is published in NYU's 
Inquiry
. 
Dilyn received her B.A. from NYU in 2015, Summa Cum Laude and Phi Beta Kappa. She is the recipient of a Fulbright U.S. Student Award, and will spend the 2015-2016 school year designing an English class for academics at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana in Mexico City. After her Fulbright
 she plans to attend law school to study education policy and education reform. She can be reached anytime at 
dilynmyers@gmail.com
.
Ellie Svoboda
 graduated from Compass in 2009 after having been a student there for ten years. In the high 
school
 Ellie participated in two international trips – one to Greece and Italy and another to Russia, Germany, and the Czech Republic - and a Service Intensive Project with the Udall for Colorado campaign. She performed AWOLs at the Compass office, Senator Keller’s office, and the Colorado Senate Majority Press Office. Ellie also played on the Pink Unicorns Ultimate team, lettered in golf at Wheat Ridge High School, and competed on Compass’ Destination Imagination team. She also took a calculus class at Red Rocks. After graduation, Ellie attended the University of Denver where she majored in English with an emphasis in creative writing and minored in Theatre and Leadership. She participated in the 
theatre
 ensemble, Pioneer Leadership Program, and the club Ultimate team. She graduated Summa Cum Laude and Phi Beta Kappa in 2012. After DU, Ellie taught at Compass for one year as an intern and another as the English advisor. In 2013, she co-founded Great Work Inc, an education non-profit that “promotes and supports the art and science of secondary Montessori education and guides the preparation of educators and learning environments.” In 
2014
 Ellie graduated from Goddard College with an MFA in Creative Writing with an emphasis in screenwriting. Ellie currently works at Great Work as the Apprenticeship Coordinator and serves as the College Liaison at Compass High School. Ellie volunteers with Destination Imagination as an Affiliate Challenge Master. Ellie can be contacted through her email: 
ellie.svoboda@gmail.com
.
Dan Van Note graduated from Compass in 2015. He currently works at an organization called 
Unself
. Unself is creating an app that with facilitate the process of finding opportunities and logging service hours for high school students. His role is getting organizations and students involved with the app and collect feedback. The app will hopefully launch in January. He is also planning a three month trip to Madagascar where he will assist in various nature surveys in order to collect data on different species and how they are adapting (or not adapting) to deforestation. Dan can be contacted at 
vannotedan@gmail.com
.
Althea Webster
 was a member of the inaugural graduating class of 2005 so it’s been ten years since she graduated! Following 
graduation
 Althea went to cosmetology school and got her license. She has two incredibly handsome boys -  Preston who is 4 and Jackson 
is
 1. She has an amazing boyfriend Joseph and two beautiful step-children. Sheis a stay at home mom and loves 
it !
 This year has been pretty rough on Althea, her youngest was very sick but is doing great now and her son Preston's dad passed away in 
April .
 But they're going day by day. Althea can be contacted at 
altheawebster2@gmail.com
. 
Mark Wyngarden
 graduated from Compass in 2014 after having been a student there for three years. Mark found in his first year at Compass, as a 10th year, that everything from his old life - lockers, classrooms, block style learning - were all gone. Mark attended the Eastern Europe trip his first year, the next year he wished for a change of pace and so his international trip was in Amsterdam on a riverboat cruise down the Rhine. He volunteered at Habitat for Humanity in 2012. Mark’s final year at Compass was split between Compass and WarrenTech’s Automotive Collision and Customization department. Mark graduated from both WarrenTech and Compass Montessori, his summer was spent working with the Wheat Ridge Recreation Center and the summer camp there, while preparing for his fourth plane of development. Mark was shipped to MCRDSD August 25th, 2014 and graduated honor platoon 210715 Company H November 21st, December 4th through the 23rd was Combat training, graduating once again as honor platoon with Company G 4th platoon. PFC Wyngarden now spends his time coordinating field ops for the Amphibious Assault school students and 
files
 separation papers in the battalion S-3.
            This is a secure Staff Intranet content page and cannot be viewed by the public.  			Please contact your Technology Director to gain access to the Staff Intranet 			area in order to view this page.			
            Thank you,
Facebook            
Intranet            
CMS Login            
Facebook            
                    Compass Montessori School Wheat Ridge | 10399 W. 44th Ave. • Wheat Ridge, CO 80033                    
                    (303) 420-8288 • Attendance: (303) 982-6560 • Fax: (303) 420-0139                
                    Compass Montessori School Golden | 4441 Salvia St. • Golden, CO 80403                    
                    (303) 271-1977 • Attendance: (303) 982-6732 • Fax: (720) 613-0347                