Global Learning Charter School
Skip to main content
MAIN MENU
About Us
Mission & Vision
Overview
Executive Director's Message
Staff Directory
Administration
Board of Trustees
2017 -18 Annual Report
Photo Album
Photo & Video Gallery
Important Charter School Links
Contact Us
Enrollment
Why GLCPS?
How to Enroll
GLCPS Life
Academic Testing Calendar
Enrichment After-School Programs
Community Portal
Food Menu
Health Services
Wellness Policy
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Prevention of Opioid Misuse
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Grading Guidelines
Use of Electronics
Forms, Surveys & Links
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Uniform Orders
Title I
High School Program of Studies
College/Career
Get Involved
Donate
Ways to Give
Global Gala
Employment Opportunities
Become A Mentor for College Success
Alumni
Get Involved
			 » Become a Mentor for College Success			
Become a Mentor for College Success
Become a mentor to a high school student and help a young adult make the best choices for a successful future! 
The goal of the GLCPS Mentor for College Success Program is to provide an additional resource for graduates as they navigate their career path so they're successful in college. 
It's important to us that our students find success after high school. While 95% of GLCPS high school students graduate; and 95% of them are accepted to college, post-graduation data suggests that there is a need for ongoing support beyond high school. The mentoring program is one part of a plan to increase the number of students who stay in college and graduate.  
Each mentor is matched with one student. We ask that mentors meet face-to-face with their student once a month. We hold once-monthly group meetings with the matches during which they work on college and career planning. We encourage mentors and students to communicate with each other via text, phone and/or email at least once per week. The group meetings are structured for casual conversation and a college/career activity facilitated by GLCPS' College and Career Counselor. 
For those matches who cannot make it to the monthly meetings because of other obligations, they meet at the school, usually during lunchtime, one-to-one at least once a month. 
Prior to the monthly meetings and weekly check-ins, mentors and students participate in an orientation and training. After that, there are at least two group meetings with ice-breaker and getting-to-know-one-another activities. Students and mentors are matched at a subsequent meeting based on a combination of student preferences, mentor input and staff observations.  
We all work together to nurture and strengthen the relationships so they will continue when the students are in college; so that once the students graduate, the mentors will continue to be a resource for those students. Mentors would serve as eyes and ears for GLCPS staff, and notify us if a student is struggling with an issue or situation in college. 
Once the student graduates from GLCPS, the matches are free to meet and maintain electronic contact. We will check in with them via email at that point. 
If you are interested in becoming a mentor, please email GLCPS Director of Education and Community Outreach Lynn Poyant at 
lpoyant@glcps.org
. Or, call the school at 508-991-4105, and ask for Lynn or Ashley McPherson. Please let others know who might be interested in mentoring a student. All volunteer mentors must attend a training and submit to a Criminal Offender Record Information (CORI) background check. 
Ways to Give
Donate 
Global Gala
Become a Mentor for College Success
Staff
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Global Learning Charter School
190 Ashley Boulevard New Bedford, MA 02746
Phone: 508.991.4105 Fax: 508.991.4110 
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
The Global Learning Charter Public School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, limited English Proficiency, disability, veteran status, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation or housing status.