Global Learning Charter School
Skip to main content
MAIN MENU
About Us
Mission & Vision
Overview
Executive Director's Message
Staff Directory
Administration
Board of Trustees
2017 -18 Annual Report
Photo Album
Photo & Video Gallery
Important Charter School Links
Contact Us
Enrollment
Why GLCPS?
How to Enroll
GLCPS Life
Academic Testing Calendar
Enrichment After-School Programs
Community Portal
Food Menu
Health Services
Wellness Policy
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Prevention of Opioid Misuse
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Grading Guidelines
Use of Electronics
Forms, Surveys & Links
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Uniform Orders
Title I
High School Program of Studies
College/Career
Get Involved
Donate
Ways to Give
Global Gala
Employment Opportunities
Become A Mentor for College Success
Alumni
Body Mass Index Screening
A Body Mass Index, or BMI, is a measure that is used to show a person's "weight for height for age." It is calculated using an individual’s height and weight and is a useful tool in identifying possible health risks, but it does not provide a diagnosis.
According to the state’s BMI screening regulations, schools must collect the heights and weights of students in grades 1,4,7 and 10. BMI data for all children in these grades will be gathered and reported to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health as a combined number.  No individual student BMI results will be shared.  
The school nurse will supervise your child's screening and will make sure your child’s privacy is respected at all times. The results of your child’s height, weight and BMI measurements are strictly confidential.  You will be contacted only if the results of your child’s BMI screening are of concern or per your request.
A BMI does not tell the whole story about your child's health status. You may wish to consult with your child's physician as they are in the best position to evaluate your child's overall health. Please feel free to call the school nurse with any question you may have about the BMI screening. Additional information about children’s wellness and fitness is available upon request or you may access the state’s resources at 
www.mass/gov/massinmotion/
. Parents and/or legal guardians can OPT OUT of this screening by completing form under the Health Forms tab.
Health Services
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Wellness Policy
Prevention of Opioid Use
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Global Learning Charter School
190 Ashley Boulevard New Bedford, MA 02746
Phone: 508.991.4105 Fax: 508.991.4110 
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
The Global Learning Charter Public School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, limited English Proficiency, disability, veteran status, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation or housing status.