Global Learning Charter School
Skip to main content
MAIN MENU
About Us
Mission & Vision
Overview
Executive Director's Message
Staff Directory
Administration
Board of Trustees
2017 -18 Annual Report
Photo Album
Photo & Video Gallery
Important Charter School Links
Contact Us
Enrollment
Why GLCPS?
How to Enroll
GLCPS Life
Academic Testing Calendar
Enrichment After-School Programs
Community Portal
Food Menu
Health Services
Wellness Policy
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Prevention of Opioid Misuse
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Grading Guidelines
Use of Electronics
Forms, Surveys & Links
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Uniform Orders
Title I
High School Program of Studies
College/Career
Get Involved
Donate
Ways to Give
Global Gala
Employment Opportunities
Become A Mentor for College Success
Alumni
Wellness Policy
General Policy Statement
The Global Learning Charter Public School recognizes the important relationship between wellness and academic success for students, staff and the entire school community. The intent of this policy is to outline the district’s on-going commitment in support of wellness in the areas of nutrition, physical activity and other school-based activities that promote health and wellness. Using section 204 of Public Law 108-265 – June 30, 2004: Child Nutrition and WIC Re-authorization Act of 2004, Healthy, Hunger – Free Kids Act of 2010 and recommendations by the Massachusetts Departments of Education and Public Health, the following beliefs guide our efforts:
Communication with parents/guardians, staff and students is We will seek opportunities to educate the school community on trends and information related to health and wellness. We encourage community partnerships that assist the district in this effort.
Consistent with current federal and state nutrition regulations, the Global Learning Charter Public School will continue to increase the availability and sale of nutritious selections.
Opportunities for physical fitness both structured (5-12 physical education curriculum) and activity (Tang-Soo-Do, YMCA Partnership, and extracurricular activities) will be supported and strongly encouraged. The Global Learning Charter Public School encourages community partnerships that assist the district to support an active, healthy community of learners.
Opportunities for staff in-service education to share best practices which incorporate activity and wellness across the curriculum will be offered. Encouraging a healthy lifestyle for school employees further supports the overall objective of a healthy school community.
It is the policy of the school district to adhere to the revised Nutrition Standards for Competitive Foods and Beverages in Public School regulations (105 CMR 225.000) effective August 1, 2012.
Legal References:
The Child Nutrition and WIC Reauthorization Act of 2004, Section 204, P.L. 108 -265
The Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 1751 - 1769h
The Child Nutrition Act of 1966, 42 U.S.C. §§ 1771 - 1789 
Health Services
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Wellness Policy
Prevention of Opioid Use
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Global Learning Charter School
190 Ashley Boulevard New Bedford, MA 02746
Phone: 508.991.4105 Fax: 508.991.4110 
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
The Global Learning Charter Public School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, limited English Proficiency, disability, veteran status, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation or housing status.