Global Learning Charter School
Skip to main content
MAIN MENU
About Us
Mission & Vision
Overview
Executive Director's Message
Staff Directory
Administration
Board of Trustees
2017 -18 Annual Report
Photo Album
Photo & Video Gallery
Important Charter School Links
Contact Us
Enrollment
Why GLCPS?
How to Enroll
GLCPS Life
Academic Testing Calendar
Enrichment After-School Programs
Community Portal
Food Menu
Health Services
Wellness Policy
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Prevention of Opioid Misuse
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Grading Guidelines
Use of Electronics
Forms, Surveys & Links
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Uniform Orders
Title I
High School Program of Studies
College/Career
Get Involved
Donate
Ways to Give
Global Gala
Employment Opportunities
Become A Mentor for College Success
Alumni
News and Announcements
							Celebrating College & Career Decision Day						
							In a nod to National College Decision Day on May 1st, GLCPS celebrates College & Career Decision Day. "We are proud of ALL of our seniors who, after years of hard work and a long period of reflection, are making informed, intelligent choices about their pathways to college and career," said College and Career Lead Counselor Ashley McPherson. 
Celebrate with us by							
 Read More » 							
							Tang Soo Do Instructor Kim Dauplaise Achieves Long-time Goal						
							Global Karate Academy has reached a new level in the journey to mastery of the Art of Tang Soo Do. After years of instructing, testing, and thesis writing, Instructor Kim Dauplaise has earned the title of Master.							
 Read More » 							
							GLCPS GRADUATION RATE HIGHEST IN SCHOOL HISTORY						
							The Global Learning Charter Public School has small class sizes but registered a huge number as far as its 2017 graduation rate is concerned. The 2017 high school statewide graduation rates released Monday by the Department of Elementary and Secondary Education show the Global Learning Charter Public School (GLCPS) with a 96.1% graduation rate which is higher than the state graduation rate of 88.3%. It is also among the highest graduation rates in the region.							
 Read More » 							
							A Message On Safety From Executive Director Dr. Stephen Furtado						
							We are all saddened by the tragedy that recently occurred in Parkland, Florida and the innocent lives that were taken. These incidents are becoming much too common and we can easily become complacent. It is important that you know how seriously we take the safety of our students and staff.							
 Read More » 							
							Let's Stop the Spread of Influenza						
							National and local media are reporting that the current influenza season is the most severe - and deadly - since the 2014-15 flu season.  Health officials in 49 states report widespread flu activity. in Massachusetts, the number of reported cases of the flu is nearing 6,000. SouthCoast Hospitals has had a reported 857 cases in its three facilities in New Bedford, Fall River and Wareham. At GLCPS, so far the number of reported flu cases is relatively low. 
There are precautions we can take to prevent and stop the spread of the the disease. They say the best prevention is to get the flu shot.							
 Read More » 							
							Global Charter Jazz Initiative Resumes FREE Workshops February 3rd						
							The Global Charter Jazz Initiative begins six weeks of FREE Saturday morning workshops on January 3rd for ANY student in the SouthCoast region who wants to strengthen their instrumental skills and play Jazz, rock and funk styles of music with other youth from the area. The workshops are being held at the GLCPS Main Campus from 10 am until noon. The program dates are February 3rd, 10th and 17th, and March 3rd, 17th and 24th . The workshops will culminate with a public performance by participating students on March 24th.							
 Read More » 							
							Seniors Get College Acceptances, Sabrina Fay Heading to Princeton						
							A high percentage of GLCPS Seniors have already been notified by colleges that they have been accepted, including one Senior who is headed to Princeton University next year on a full scholarship. Sabrina Fay heard							
 Read More » 							
							BRAVO! GLCPS Drama Club Captures the Season's Spirit in Elf Jr, The Musical						
							Congratulations to the GLCPS Drama Club, under the direction of Ms. Polly Zajac, for a fun and fantastic production of Elf Jr, the Musical!  The student performers, both middle school and high school students, held FIVE performances in the GLCPS auditorium. The New Bedford Standard Times featured							
 Read More » 							
							GLCPS Royals Face Wareham in Season's First Basketball Game						
							The GLCPS Royals played a great game against Wareham High School on Wednesday, December 13th. It was their first game of the season. The team and Coach Matt. St. Jean traveled to Wareham for the game.							
 Read More » 							
							GLCPS Extending Enrollment Option to City's 9th and 10th Grade Students						
							Families of New Bedford students are welcome to submit enrollment applications for the 2018-2019 school year. New for this year, GLCPS is extending the opportunity to students who will be entering grades 9 and 10, as well as those entering grades 5-8.							
 Read More » 							
			RSS Feed		
													1											
2
3
4
5
					…				
7
Next ►
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Global Learning Charter School
190 Ashley Boulevard New Bedford, MA 02746
Phone: 508.991.4105 Fax: 508.991.4110 
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
The Global Learning Charter Public School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, limited English Proficiency, disability, veteran status, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation or housing status.