Global Learning Charter School
Skip to main content
MAIN MENU
About Us
Mission & Vision
Overview
Executive Director's Message
Staff Directory
Administration
Board of Trustees
2017 -18 Annual Report
Photo Album
Photo & Video Gallery
Important Charter School Links
Contact Us
Enrollment
Why GLCPS?
How to Enroll
GLCPS Life
Academic Testing Calendar
Enrichment After-School Programs
Community Portal
Food Menu
Health Services
Wellness Policy
5th Grade Health Science
Baked Goods Guideline
Body Mass Index Screening
Physical Exam & Immunization Requirements
Postural Screenings
Health Forms & Resources
Prevention of Opioid Misuse
Student Handbook
Dress Code
Grading Guidelines
Use of Electronics
Forms, Surveys & Links
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Uniform Orders
Title I
High School Program of Studies
College/Career
Get Involved
Donate
Ways to Give
Global Gala
Employment Opportunities
Become A Mentor for College Success
Alumni
Overview
Overview
“I know it’s hard to believe coming from a teenager, but I actually look forward to each morning because I’m going to a place where my teachers know me and care about me. The environment at GLCPS makes me want to learn.”
       - 10th grade student
Open to New Bedford residents, Global Learning Charter Public School (GLCPS) is a tuition-free public charter school that currently serves 500 students in grades 5-12. Launched in 2002 as a Horace Mann charter school, GLCPS became a Commonwealth charter school in 2006. In order to generate a culture of personalization, our school setting and class sizes are deliberately small. Students, faculty and administration know each other well and teachers are able to tailor the curriculum to the needs and level of each student. GLCPS offers an exciting and challenging interdisciplinary curriculum that follows and builds upon the Massachusetts Curriculum Frameworks.
Students learn to work collaboratively in teams, use technology meaningfully in their coursework, strengthen all elements of their communication skills, as well as develop the necessary skills to become engaged and ethical contributors to a global society. We have made it a priority to design a comprehensive academic program that provides the foundation for students to succeed in higher education and the workplace. Working in collaboration with organizations throughout the city of New Bedford and the southcoast region, GLCPS aims to become a true ‘community school.' We capitalize on the exceptional resources of our region (for example, marine sciences) and tie these resources to our curriculum and instruction.
Our teachers are engaged in numerous efforts to support their peer teachers in the region, and we also open our school to the public for valuable educational workshops. Specifically, GLCPS is partnered with High Tech High Learning® Network of Schools in San Diego, California, and is a field placement site for novice teachers from Roger Williams University and the University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth.
Mission & Vision
Overview
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
News Articles and Press Releases
Photo Album
ANNUAL REPORTS
2016-2017 Annual Report
2015-2016 Annual Report
2014-2015 Annual Report
CHARTER RENEWAL LETTER
GLCPS Congrats on Renewal 2.2017
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Global Learning Charter School
190 Ashley Boulevard New Bedford, MA 02746
Phone: 508.991.4105 Fax: 508.991.4110 
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
The Global Learning Charter Public School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, limited English Proficiency, disability, veteran status, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation or housing status.