DETROIT LEADERSHIP ACADEMY
Where СHAMPIONS are MADE!
MAIN
ABOUT US
Budget
Food Services
NEWS
EVENTS
ACADEMICS
Great Start Readiness Program
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
STUDENTS
PARENTS
STAFF
CONTACT
      About us      
Detroit Leadership Academy is a Free Public Charter School Academy that serves just under six hundred students from pre-kindergarten to 12th grade at two campuses. Our elementary campus is located on Virgil Street just east of Telegraph off of the Jefferies Service Drive in Detroit. DLA Elementary has a 95% Free and Reduced Lunch population and is in the heart of the Castle Rouge Neighborhood.
Our students represent families from across the city with a large population from Castle Rouge, Brightmoor, and Cody Rouge. DLA Middle/High School is located at the corner of Evergreen just north of Ford Road. The school is located next to the St. Thomas Aquinas Parish, but is a public school and is not operated nor affiliated with the church or other religious organizations. This school specifically serves students sixth through twelfth grade and our first graduating class is this year in 2017. 
The Middle/High School has a 98% Free and Reduced Lunch population serving similar communities as our elementary. The Academy is committed to providing an educational program focused on preparing students for success at the next educational level and to be accepted to and graduate from college. To that end, the Detroit Leadership Academy provides high-quality instruction, timely and targeted intervention and an academy culture centered on high expectations and support.
Detroit Leadership Academy believes all students can achieve at the highest levels when provided with a proven, research based instructional program, challenging and aligned standards, opportunities to build ownership, a focus on preparing students for high-level writing, and effective intervention.
Mission & Vision
DLA students will use their college degrees and careers to redefine what is possible by empowering future students and inspiring communities to become sustainable centers of educational excellence and innovation.
Detroit Leadership Academy’s vision is to be a remarkable neighborhood school. We will provide a highly challenging, stimulating and supportive environment that unlocks the potential of all children and adults as leaders, pioneering the way to equity and excellence.
Academy graduates experience success and are academically prepared to take advantage of opportunities in a changing society. Graduates are innovative leaders in career fields, healthy individuals and community advocates who make a positive difference in the world.
Parents experience a sense of pride due to the progress and success of the student. As highly respected partners in the educational process, parents work cooperatively with Academy personnel to establish goals and support the student’s continual learning and pursuit of a college education.
Staff experience a sense of accomplishment and are held in high esteem. Staff work collaboratively, are highly qualified, innovative, effective, and committed to the success of all students and to being positive youth role models.
The community views the Academy as a model for other schools and organizations. The Academy is innovative in its thinking and program offerings and committed to quality education for all students. The community readily partners with the Academy to empower students and strengthen the community.
Enroll today
                    We are now accepting applications for the 2017-2018 school year! Click below to begin your enrollment!
ENROLLMENT APPLICATION
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
        Pre-K through 5th Grade 13550 Virgil St., Detroit MI 48223 
313-242-1500    
MIDDLE HIGH SCHOOL
        6th Grade to 12th Grade 5845 Auburn St., Detroit MI 48228
313-769-2015    
© Detroit Leadership Academy. All rights reserved.    