Donate
Contact Us
Campus Locations
Resources
Search
News
Events
About DC Prep
»  Mission and Values
»  Our Team
Our Program
»  The DC Prep Way
»  Results
»  PrepNext
»  Prep EX!
Enrollment
»  Why DC Prep
»  Complete Your Enrollment
»  Enrollment Information
Careers
»  Job Opportunities
»  Make a Difference
»  A Teacher's Day
»  Professional Development
»  Compensation and Benefits
Our Schools
»  Edgewood Elementary Campus
»  Edgewood Middle Campus
»  Benning Elementary Campus
»  Benning Middle Campus
»  Anacostia Elementary Campus
»  PayPal Information
Get Involved
»  Back to School Bash
»  Support DC Prep
»  Stay In Touch
The DC Prep Way
DC Prep schools are positive, purposeful places that reflect respect for the students and teachers who learn and work there. 
In the hallways, students walk quietly, requiring little redirection. Classrooms are lively, engaging places where students are challenged and inspired. Teachers are focused and dedicated, determined to provide the best for their students and to continuously improve their craft. Pride, energy, and a shared sense of mission are palpable, with every member of the school community committed to our students’ success.
Rigorous academics and character education are at the heart of all we do. The principles and practices that determine how these two elements translate into action across each of our campuses comprise The DC Prep Way.
 Unapologetic Focus on Academics 
More Time
    DC Prep students spend approximately 25% more time in school than other DC public school students. The school day includes extended literacy and math blocks, as well as science, social studies, and specials classes. Meaningful nightly homework reinforces classroom learning. Teachers are on call until 8:00PM each school night to assist students with homework questions and to talk with families. In addition, DC Prep offers 
Prep  EX!
, an optional aftercare program available to preschool-6th graders until 6:00PM daily on a space-available basis.
Standards-Based Instruction
    Curriculum maps and scope and sequence documents aligned with nationally-recognized 
Common Core
 standards guide instruction at all campuses. DC Prep’s departmentalized approach to instruction in 1st – 8th grade allows teachers to focus their curriculum planning and lesson delivery on targeted curricular areas — and provides students with expert instruction from the earliest years. Teachers develop daily lesson plans based on rigorous, vertically-aligned curriculum maps and draw upon recognized curricular resources to ensure mastery of appropriate standards.
Targeted Intervention
    An individualized academic intervention program ensures that every student is being taught at the appropriate level, including those who may enter school significantly below grade level or those performing at or above grade level. Our inclusion model promotes the integration of students with special needs in regular classrooms and activities.
Meaningful Assessment
    Regular monitoring of student progress — using a range of nationally-recognized assessment tools, selected for their validity and developmental appropriateness — ensures an academic program that is rigorous and targeted for every child. Teachers reflect on data and instruction frequently, including during weekly professional development sessions led by campus-based instructional leadership teams and quarterly, post-interim “Data Days.”
Schoolzilla — Our "Triple A" Data Tool
Schoolzilla is DC Prep’s customized data system that provides teachers with real-time information on students’ academic progress on formative and summative assessments. It also includes social skill and behavior reports, and data on attendance and punctuality. One founding faculty member describes Schoolzilla as DC Prep’s “Triple A” tool because it presents accessible, accurate, and actionable data – better equipping teachers and leaders to plan individually-tailored instruction based on unique student needs.
Creating Self-Aware, Reflective, and Disciplined Learners
Social Skills Development
We believe that character counts and we teach it explicitly. From the earliest years, our students are supported to develop Prep Skills — the essential qualities of successful students and good citizens. All members of the DC Prep community strive to live up to the school motto, “Do the RIGHT Thing" (Respectful, Intelligent, Genuine, Hardworking, Team-oriented).
Sweating the Small Stuff
We pay close and consistent attention to all aspects of student behavior including attendance, punctuality, and homework completion. Teachers are united in reinforcing the school values, the discipline  policy, and the incentive system so that students receive clear and  consistent messages about appropriate and productive behavior. Students wear the DC Prep uniform to reflect team and community values and instill a sense of appropriate dress. 
A Sense of Community
A personal handshake each morning, daily homeroom and advisory meetings, and frequent all-school Community Meetings that celebrate individual classroom academic and character successes promote a shared culture and pride of place for all students.
Family Communication
DC Prep fosters shared expectations and aspirations between home and school. Informal and formal communication with families builds trust and parent/teacher teamwork to achieve the best outcome for every student.
» The DC Prep Way
» Results
» PrepNext
» Prep EX!
What our Teachers are Saying
“DC Prep is the one school I know where I can have colleagues who share my educational philosophy, an organizational structure that values and supports my instructional practice, and where I can also live the best family life possible given the demands of working at a no excuses school like DC Prep.”
John Becker, 6th Grade Math Teacher (EMC)		
Get Connected 
About DC Prep
Mission and Values
Our Team
Our Program
The DC Prep Way
Results
PrepNext
Prep EX!
Enrollment
Why DC Prep
Complete Your Enrollment
Enrollment Information
Careers
Job Opportunities
Make a Difference
A Teacher's Day
Professional Development
Compensation and Benefits
Our Schools
Edgewood Elementary Campus
Edgewood Middle Campus
Benning Elementary Campus
Benning Middle Campus
Anacostia Elementary Campus
PayPal Information
Get Involved
Back to School Bash
Support DC Prep
Stay In Touch
© 2018 DC Prep. All Rights Reserved.
Site by 
Grafik
Donate
Contact Us
Campus Locations
Resources
Search
News
Events