Lake Country Academy
Home
About Us
Overview
Board
Employment
Curriculum
Core Knowledge
Direct Instruction
Core Virtues
Enrollment
Faculty
Parents
Uniforms
Transportation
School Lunches
Volunteer
Skyward/Family Access
Lake Country Academy PTO
Calendar
Activities
Contact Us
Enrollment
Enrollment Procedures for Lake Country Academy
Completing a timely application is critical to enrollment at Lake Country Academy.  Applications for the 2017-18 school year are accepted December 1, 2016 through February 15, 2017. All applications received during that time are included in the lottery. Applications are divided by grade and a lottery is drawn for each grade. Applications are drawn one by one until the class is full and then drawn for placement on the waiting list. Note that an application is received for each student, not a family. In some cases, one child may be placed while another in the same family may remain on the waiting list. No applications will be accepted before Dec. 1 and all applications received after February 15, 2017 will be placed on the waiting list for the specific grade.
The waiting list remains active until the first day of the school year. The waiting list is then dissolved and students are not placed after the start of the school year.  Families can reapply during the enrollment period for the following year.
LCA honors three preferences in the application process: Board members' children, staff children and siblings. Preference applicants will be placed before outside applicants and are considered ahead of the lottery. If more preference applicants are received than space is available, a separate lottery will take place for them.  By contract guidelines with the Sheboygan Area School District, LCA accepts in-district students before out-of-district students. A lottery of in-district applicants is completed before the lottery of out-of-district applicants.
In addition to the LCA application, all students residing in the 
Sheboygan Area School District
 must complete a 
Charter School Transfer Request
. The transfer request is processed through SASD and can be accessed via 
Online Enrollment
  or 
Downloaded and sent by Mail
For students residing outside of SASD, an application for Open Enrollment must be submitted through the 
Department of Public Instruction
. Strict timelines for applications apply so parents should view the website for details. All approvals/denials are made through SASD and the DPI. Once an out-of-district student is enrolled, no further application is needed for subsequent years. However, if a student changes district residency, families must promptly notify the school office. District residency defines per pupil funding so it is important that the administration has accurate residency information.
Results of the lottery are mailed to families by late March.  Families are encouraged to remain on the waiting list if LCA is ultimately their top choice of schools.  Most movement on the waiting list occurs in the summer so it is advantageous to give the waiting list some time.  Once a student is placed, enrollment is ensured for future years. 
We encourage all prospective parents to attend an Open House as part of the application process. The Open Houses provide a very comprehensive overview of the school. They are held during the day so parents can see students "in action". LCA is a structured environment, academically rigorous and strong in modeling and teaching core virtues. Most families find it helpful to attend an Open House to help them decide if this is a good fit for their family.
Important Documents & Link
2018-19 Enrollment Application
LCA Parent Student Handbook 2017-18
Sheboygan Area School District
Department of Public Instruction
Important Documents & Links:
Parent Student Handbook 2017-18
2018-19 Application
SASD
WDPI
Contact Us
			Enrollment Info			
Join the Conversation!
Contact Information
Phone: (920) 208-3020
Email: info@lakecountryacademy.com
4101 Technology Pkwy, Sheboygan, WI 53083
(map)
Administrative Staff
Mr. Shawn Dzwonkowski, Administrator
sdzwonkowski@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Katie Beine, Assistant Administrator
kbeine@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Jeanine Claypool, Administrative Assistant
jclaypool@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Amanda Medina, Office Manager
amedina@lakecountryacademy.com
© Copyright	
2018	Lake Country Academy. All rights reserved. 
Web design 
 by iQ Web Media.
7ads6x98y