Lake Country Academy
Home
About Us
Overview
Board
Employment
Curriculum
Core Knowledge
Direct Instruction
Core Virtues
Enrollment
Faculty
Parents
Uniforms
Transportation
School Lunches
Volunteer
Skyward/Family Access
Lake Country Academy PTO
Calendar
Activities
Contact Us
Lake Country Academy's PTO
We are fortunate to have parents volunteer every day to run our lunch program. This is just one of the many ways parents help the school cut costs and extend our resources.
Lake Country Academy's PTO
+ What is the purpose of the PTO?
 The purpose of this organization is to promise the welfare of Lake Country Academy and the students therein, to bring into closer relation the teachers, parents and the school and to support the activities/programs of the school and teachers through financial and/or volunteer support.
+ Who are the members of LCA's PTO?
 All parents/guardians and teachers of LCA!
+ Why should I join the PTO?
 LCA has the reputation of being an involved and close community. We are an organization you can be proud to be a part of. The PTO strives to continue to enhance and enrich our children's educational experience, and make a difference in our families/ lives!  It is also a great way for busy families to get together socially - both kids and parents have begun lasting friendships at PTO family functions and meetings.
+ Does it cost anything and where does the money go?
 There are no dues for membership! The use of funds derived by this organization shall be for the benefit and improvement of the school and teachers and to support school activities as approved by the PTO Board.
+ What can I do for our PTO?
 Our programs and events are organized, funded and run by our members. We invite you to participate by volunteering. A great variety of volunteer opportunities are available.  We have everything from leadership roles to set up/clean up at family events. Many events require manpower at tables, baking or just assisting other volunteers with their projects inside the comfort of your own home!  The more volunteers, the easier the task!
+ When are the PTO Meetings?
 The PTO meetings are held at LCA on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 6 p.m. The exact dates are September 13, October 11, November 8, December 13, January 10, February 14, March 14, April 11, May 9
Introducing our 2016-17 Officers:
Stephanie Sandum
 President
sm614rls97@gmail.com
 920-207-1556
Sara Coenen
Vice President
sara@shebfalls.com
 920-980-5549
Leslie Bronson
 Secretary
labronson@charter.net
 920-234-2037
Elena Staabs
 Treasurer
elenastaabs@gmail.com
Learn more about 
Lake Country Academy
Parents
Uniforms
Transportation
School Lunches
Volunteer
Skyward/Family Access
Lake Country Academy PTO
Contact Us
			Enrollment Info			
Join the Conversation!
Contact Information
Phone: (920) 208-3020
Email: info@lakecountryacademy.com
4101 Technology Pkwy, Sheboygan, WI 53083
(map)
Administrative Staff
Mr. Shawn Dzwonkowski, Administrator
sdzwonkowski@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Katie Beine, Assistant Administrator
kbeine@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Jeanine Claypool, Administrative Assistant
jclaypool@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Amanda Medina, Office Manager
amedina@lakecountryacademy.com
© Copyright	
2018	Lake Country Academy. All rights reserved. 
Web design 
 by iQ Web Media.
7ads6x98y