Lake Country Academy
Home
About Us
Overview
Board
Employment
Curriculum
Core Knowledge
Direct Instruction
Core Virtues
Enrollment
Faculty
Parents
Uniforms
Transportation
School Lunches
Volunteer
Skyward/Family Access
Lake Country Academy PTO
Calendar
Activities
Contact Us
Parent Involvement
Letter to Lake Country Academy Parents
Charter schools are blessed with parents who are invested in the success of their children. Quite literally, Lake Country Academy could not offer the quality of education, service, and sense of community we do if not for parental involvement as volunteers, committee members, and supporters. Parents are essential resources in a school, providing the home that will integrate with the school in order to educate the whole child.
 The following guidelines are straight-talk offered as support for the parent as well as administrators and teachers.
Parents can best work for the benefit of their children if they:
Understand that enrollment means more than service. Membership in a school community means forming a long-term relationship with the school. In essence, schools say to you, "Yes, we will educate your child through thick and thin. We will serve him or her over the coming years." That's quite a commitment, which schools do not take lightly. While enrollment is renewed yearly on a businesslike basis, schools see membership in the community as an idealistic blend of contract and covenant, a delicate web of trust that holds parents, child, teachers and administration together. The home/school relationship exists with only one proviso: that the school's educational service and the child's educational needs remain a good fit.
Recognize that enrollment means entrusting your child to the professional expertise and devoted care of the school's personnel. Lake Country Academy's administrator and teachers know what they are doing. We are not perfect and don't claim to be. But we are experienced and well intentioned; we genuinely care about your child. We do our jobs not for the money but because we love kids and believe in the ideals of education. While teachers and administrators should be expected to explain methods, discuss philosophy, include constituencies in decision-making, and be open to honest discussion, they do not have to justify their existence or defend every action, decision or policy.
Understand and accept values upon which a school operates. You should explore a school's values with admissions personnel, administrator and teachers, asking questions such as:
How does the school balance individuality with group harmony?
What values are central to your discipline policy?
How will the school's core values remain unchanged as my child develops and passes through the divisions of the school?
What values are behind the grading system and practice of testing? What does the school believe about competition in the classroom.
What kinds of events does the school sponsor for fund-raising, and what are the values inherent in those activities?
How are curricular, disciplinary, policy and financial decisions made, and what values do those processes reflect?
Parents cannot pressure schools to change their values nor do schools govern by public opinion. If you and the school honestly seek together what's best for your child, then you and your child's teachers and administrator shall not stray far from the school's core values. The harmony of values prevents a clash of beliefs that often spells tragedy for the child, the family and the school. When disappointments or disagreements place you and the school on opposite sides of an issue, your child is always left in the middle.
Use channels of communication appropriately. It is the job of administrators to make those channels understood, clear and open. It is also their job to help you in a school; otherwise the school would suffer from an implosion of individual opinion. When you have a question or problem, be it logistical (Can Sara leave school five minutes early on Tuesdays for her piano lesson?) or philosophical (Why can't the third grade play interscholastic football?), you ought to know where to go for a response. An angry or fearful parent who breaks the channels, going directly to the Head or a board member, tends to tear apart the web of relationship and ultimately disserves their child who inevitably absorbs their frustration and attitudes. While you may get rumor or second-hand information about school issues from the pickup line or in the parking lot, you will get the best information if you seek it through the proper channels.
Accept the timing of the school's bureaucratic clock. Schools often take a long time to make a decision, fix a problem, find a solution, or reach a compromise. Lake Country Academy feels it is imperative to gather all the data and resources before making a hasty decision. Also, school time can seem slow to impatient parents because many school personnel are involved in the decision making process, and those people spend most of their day educating children. Sometimes you may feel worried or frustrated or entitled to faster service; adults are often not used to waiting, particularly when the welfare of their child is at stake. But, schools need time and your patience if they are to truly honor your child and do what is in her or his best interest.
Understand a teacher's job and its appropriate scope of responsibility. Teachers are not surrogate parents, drill sergeants or licensed therapists. The modern teacher is a guide and coach with expertise in an area of subject matter and a deep devotion to children. Lake Country Academy takes great care to hire the very best faculty they can, they look for qualifications such as rapport with children, knowledge of subject area, appropriate training, communication skills, and positive energy. Teachers are usually given a lot of say about what and how they teach within guidelines set by the division and/or department. The autonomy, combined with smaller classes, supportive parents and stimulating colleagues is Lake Country Academy's recipe for excellent and inspired classroom instruction.
Understand the duties and scope of authority of an administrator's job. The head carries ultimate responsibility for the educational quality, tone and personnel of the school. The head delegates responsibility for particular areas of the school to other divisions. Administrators help govern the daily operation of the school. They attend many meetings throughout the day and week and confer with students, teachers, and parents. They articulate the school's mission and values both on campus and in the community, and they help write and enforce policy. Administrators oversee personnel, policy, mission and finance. Administrators also handle emergencies, resolve problems, manage the flow of information, and answer questions. The Board, another part of the leadership of the school, oversees administration and is ultimately responsible for the present and future well being of the school.
Understand the role of the parent. You are indispensable to the school. You provide money in the form registration fees and gifts, you provide energy and time on fund-raising projects and teacher support, and you make your expertise available. You are responsible for supporting your child's education at home by complementing the methods, values and philosophy the school espouses. You are given a voice in many decision-making processes through a parent council or school committee.
Know and believe the mission of the school and its promises to children. Lake Country Academy promises the following:
 To educate your child
To provide a safe environment in which he or she can develop appropriate social and academic skills
To emphasize values like scholastic excellence, civic involvement, personal responsibility, respect of self and others, emotional well-being, and creative expression.
Upon this common ground, every school builds a unique mission; and it is the school's job to articulate the mission clearly. Parents who misunderstand the mission or seek to change it or who challenge its values almost always create unhappiness and interfere with the learning of their child. When choosing a school, you should do so for reasons of philosophical and academic fit. The wrong reasons for enrolling a child in a school all center on parents and include:
To improve your family's reputation
To guarantee your child's acceptance in the next school of choice
To mold your child in your own image
To live vicariously through your child
To increase your self-esteem
Schools promise none of these outcomes. The consequences of enrolling for the wrong reasons
 usually surface sooner rather than later: unhappiness with the school, poor student performance, a clash of values, rumor-spreading that lead to taking sides, and nameless accusations that lead to war.
Honestly examine your expectations for the school. Lake Country Academy creates a wonderful educational community. We encourage a sense of belonging and even a feeling of family, but schools are not families. They are too big, their resources are too limited, and their purpose is too narrow to be a true family. The last 20 years have already seen schools stretch the definition of what comprises an education. While schools may provide breakfast and lunch, child care, counseling and friendship to students in addition to their education program, they cannot make learning disabilities disappear or heal broken or dysfunctional families, or teach children to be moral. Enrollment at Lake Country Academy is an educational decision. We can't and shouldn't pretend to do it all; but what we do, we do well. You play a vital role in your child's development by maintaining reasonable expectations for what your school can do, and by providing a home in which your child can learn the crucial life lessons not found in the school's curriculum.
(Lawrence Boggess, Administrativia, November, 1994)
Parent Volunteers
There is so much research stating the significant academic and social benefits for a child when a parent volunteers at their child's school. When parents are involved, the message is sent that school is important, performance is monitored and support is available. Children love to see their parents in the classroom! And so do we!
In addition to the benefits for families, LCA gains so much from parent volunteers, too.  LCA operates on a very tight budget and employ very few support staff.  You won't find a paid librarian or lunchroom supervisor at LCA.  Our parents appreciate our frugality and volunteer their time to manage the library, operate the lunch program, assist in the classrooms, act as advisers for extra-curricular activities, serve on governing boards and so much more!
The administration of Lake Country Academy believes parent involvement is so important that the school's contract with SASD was written with the intent that parents volunteer 40 hours per school year.  LCA exists today because of the commitment, dedication and hard work from our parents.  Volunteer opportunities can be viewed at 
Sign Up Genius
. If you have an idea on how you'd like to help but don't see it listed, just call the school office. We are always looking for new opportunities to include our parents.
Log Your Volunteer Hours
Each family is asked to volunteer a minimum of 40 hours per school year. It is our volunteers that help make our school successful.
There are two different ways that you can log your volunteer hours for the year:
1) You can go into the school office and log all your hours by hand into the volunteer hour’s binder. 
2) You can send an email to 
ivolunteer@lakecountryacademy.com
Volunteer Opportunities
Every family has a place at LCA whether it is in the classroom helping our teachers, assisting in the lunchroom or with PTO events. There are a wide range of opportunities available for all. If you are looking for an opportunity, please check our Sign Up Genius page for all available volunteer positions. Just click  to get started.
Important Links
Volunteer Opportunities
Learn more about 
Lake Country Academy
Parents
Uniforms
Transportation
School Lunches
Volunteer
Skyward/Family Access
Lake Country Academy PTO
Contact Us
			Enrollment Info			
Join the Conversation!
Contact Information
Phone: (920) 208-3020
Email: info@lakecountryacademy.com
4101 Technology Pkwy, Sheboygan, WI 53083
(map)
Administrative Staff
Mr. Shawn Dzwonkowski, Administrator
sdzwonkowski@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Katie Beine, Assistant Administrator
kbeine@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Jeanine Claypool, Administrative Assistant
jclaypool@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Amanda Medina, Office Manager
amedina@lakecountryacademy.com
© Copyright	
2018	Lake Country Academy. All rights reserved. 
Web design 
 by iQ Web Media.
7ads6x98y