Lake Country Academy
Home
About Us
Overview
Board
Employment
Curriculum
Core Knowledge
Direct Instruction
Core Virtues
Enrollment
Faculty
Parents
Uniforms
Transportation
School Lunches
Volunteer
Skyward/Family Access
Lake Country Academy PTO
Calendar
Activities
Contact Us
Direct Instruction
Direct Instruction
This is a highly researched curriculum and teaching method that has been extensively field-tested and proven to work. In a typical classroom, you will see teacher led instruction with rapid pacing and frequent group responses. The teacher is following a very detailed lesson plan with over 30 years in development.
Each lesson has been field-tested and proven successful with 90% of the children in test schools or it is returned for improvement. Their program features: skills communicated with logical precision in discrete, child-sized bits; careful measurement of mastery, rapid correction of mistakes, strict schedules, and early emphasis on phonics and computation; and continual review to integrate old skills with new.
Parents like Direct Instruction because their children are in small learning groups, struggling students are not left behind while the class progresses, and students who have mastered the material are not held back.
Lake Country Academy is the only school within 80 miles to offer this curriculum.
Rated Best Method
"Direct Instruction was one of only two elementary programs rated "Best" out of 24 popular school reform methods in a report from the Washington-based independent American Institutes for Research. This research was commissioned by the National Education Association, the American Association of School Administrators, The American Federation of Teachers, The National Association of Elementary School Principals and the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
300 to 500% Improvement
Siefert Elementary, a Milwaukee school riddled with social challenges, advanced dramatically after two years of Direct Instruction. The 4th grade class jumped nearly 300% in reading in one year. Their math scores increased over 300% and their social studies scores improved nearly 500%.
State Representative Terri McCormick, author of a proposed education reform bill, supports Direct Instruction as a method of teaching. McCormick states "This is a fine example of 'no excuse' education. Research says it's the methods, not the number in the classroom."
Want to know the nitty-gritty of Direct Instruction? Want to know the educational research that supports Direct Instruction? We invite you to check out the following web sites. We think it is important to be able to back up what we do with scientifically verifiable research done with real children.
American Federation of Teachers
Association for Direct Instruction
American Association of School Administrators
Education Week on the Web
Learn more about 
Lake Country Academy
Curriculum
Direct Instruction
Core Knowledge
Core Virtues
Contact Us
			Enrollment Info			
Join the Conversation!
Contact Information
Phone: (920) 208-3020
Email: info@lakecountryacademy.com
4101 Technology Pkwy, Sheboygan, WI 53083
(map)
Administrative Staff
Mr. Shawn Dzwonkowski, Administrator
sdzwonkowski@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Katie Beine, Assistant Administrator
kbeine@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Jeanine Claypool, Administrative Assistant
jclaypool@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Amanda Medina, Office Manager
amedina@lakecountryacademy.com
© Copyright	
2018	Lake Country Academy. All rights reserved. 
Web design 
 by iQ Web Media.
7ads6x98y