Lake Country Academy
Home
About Us
Overview
Board
Employment
Curriculum
Core Knowledge
Direct Instruction
Core Virtues
Enrollment
Faculty
Parents
Uniforms
Transportation
School Lunches
Volunteer
Skyward/Family Access
Lake Country Academy PTO
Calendar
Activities
Contact Us
Overview
Lake Country Academy is a non-instrumentality public charter school within the Sheboygan Area School District where all decisions are made on-site and specific to the design of the school.  Our Founders chose a design that supported high academics and a virtuous environment.  
We use Direct Instruction as a teaching method and group students in math, reading and spelling by ability, not by grade. These groups are usually smaller than a regular class size and a great deal of monitoring is done to ensure that each student is placed at the level where he or she is most successful.  If a student needs to change groups, it can be done swiftly and with no class time wasted.  
Students are with their peers for all other classes and are engaged in Core Knowledge, a curriculum that is rich with facts.  Each grade is in sync with the next so students build from one year to the next on knowledge gained from each subject area.  
We also integrate a core virtue program in classwork, behavior management and the overall culture of the school. Students learn and apply values that are commonly believed to be important such as responsibility, respect, perseverance, kindness, generosity and honesty.  A different virtue is highlighted each month and is the focus at weekly all-school assemblies.  
Uniforms are required for all students and staff.
Learn more about 
Lake Country Academy
Overview
Our Value
Support LCA
Board
Employment
Contact Us
			Enrollment Info			
Join the Conversation!
Contact Information
Phone: (920) 208-3020
Email: info@lakecountryacademy.com
4101 Technology Pkwy, Sheboygan, WI 53083
(map)
Administrative Staff
Mr. Shawn Dzwonkowski, Administrator
sdzwonkowski@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Katie Beine, Assistant Administrator
kbeine@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Jeanine Claypool, Administrative Assistant
jclaypool@lakecountryacademy.com
Mrs. Amanda Medina, Office Manager
amedina@lakecountryacademy.com
© Copyright	
2018	Lake Country Academy. All rights reserved. 
Web design 
 by iQ Web Media.
7ads6x98y