Saltar al contenido principal
Detroit Enterprise Academy
Cambiar la navegación			
Menú				
Cierra			
Home
Quien somos
Descubra nuestra diferencia
De un vistazo
¿Que es una escuela autónoma?
Liderazgo
Lo Que Enseñamos
Kindergarten - 2nd
3rd - 5th
6th - 8th
Más Allá del Aula
Programas y Actividades
Cuidado antes y después de la escuela
Calendario
Almuerzo escolar
Transporte
Uniformes / Código de vestimenta
Hacer de voluntario
Contáctenos
Aplica
Iniciar sesión
English
Buscar
Iniciar sesión
Buscar
Cerrar
New and Interested Families Open House(Meet the Staff)
New and Interested Fam...
Stop by to learn more about our personalized instruction and how we make moral focus a part of every school day. We offer countless opportunities for enrichment activities.  Enjoy free treats and fun activities. We look forward to seeing you. 
Ver evento
Kinder Round-up (Meet the Staff)
Kinder Round-up (Meet ...
Give your kindergartner the best start! Meet the staff, visit our classrooms, and enjoy free treats and fun activities to prepare your child for school. Learn more about our individualized teaching, moral focus program, plus opportunities for enrichment, extracurricular activities, and so much more. We look forward to seeing you.
Ver evento
New and Interested Families Open House(Meet the Staff)
New and Interested Fam...
Stop by to learn more about our personalized instruction and how we make moral focus a part of every school day. We offer countless opportunities for enrichment activities.  Enjoy free treats and fun activities. We look forward to seeing you. 
Ver evento
Kinder Round-up (Meet the Staff)
Kinder Round-up (Meet ...
Give your kindergartner the best start! Meet the staff, visit our classrooms, and enjoy free treats and fun activities to prepare your child for school. Learn more about our individualized teaching, moral focus program, plus opportunities for enrichment, extracurricular activities, and so much more. We look forward to seeing you.
Ver evento
1
2
3
4
Pausa		
Reproducir	
Success means something different to everybody. Here at Detroit Enterprise Academy, it means creating endless opportunities for your child to become their best. We shape instruction to build on the strengths and abilities of each child, teaching the importance of making wise choices and excelling in school. Children are equipped to solve life’s toughest challenges and come out ahead.
Success means something different to everybody. Here at Detroit Enterprise, see how we help your child become their best.
See Our Difference
At a Glance
K-8
    Grades
26
    Average Class Size
708
    Number of Students
Learn More
			Eventos calendarios			
Ver calendario de la escuela
				No hay eventos próximos		
            Blog                
Ver todos los blogs y noticias
Detroit Enterprise Charter Academy Makes Nearly 1,500 Lunches for Homeless Veterans
Estudiante
Spotlight: Students Make Lunches for Veterans
In honor of Veteran’s Day, students and staff of Detroit Enterprise Academy (DEA) made more than 1,500 Lunches of Love after school on Nov. 8 to be distributed to homeless veterans on Friday, Nov. 10.
Continue Reading
We are a Charter School
Detroit Enterprise Academy is a tuition-free, public charter school open to all children who live in the state of Michigan. If you are seeking a ‘private’ school education with the tuition-free benefit of a public school, then you are in the right place.
Learn more about charter schools
More Information
We know there are a lot of factors in deciding where your child will go to school and we want to help. Use our live chat or leave your information and we will be in touch.
Contact Me
Tour the School
We would love to show you our world so contact us to schedule a tour. We also hold open houses where you can meet our amazing teachers.
Tour the School
Apply Now
We can’t wait to share your child’s journey! Apply online, in person, or over the phone and don’t hesitate to ask us questions along the way! We are here for you.
Apply Now
	Preguntas 
Questions
Cerrar
Contáctenos
Detroit Enterprise Academy
11224 Kercheval Street
Detroit, 
MI 
48214                
                    Oficina principal: 
313-823-5799
                    Fax: 
313-447-3312                
Horas de escuela: 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.                
Carreras
¡Únete a nosotros en la enseñanza de la próxima generación! ¡En National Heritage Academies estamos siempre en busca de grandes líderes para unirse a nuestro equipo!
Ver vacantes actuales
Únete a nuestra comunidad
Conéctate con nosotros
Enlaces directos
Blog
Board Documents
Privacy & Legal
Operaciones Escolares
Inicio de sesión de los padres
Student Handbook