Longleaf School of the Arts
A college preparatory charter high school with a fine arts focus
HOME
ABOUT US
PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS
STUDENTS
STUDENT SERVICES
EXCEPTIONAL CHILDREN
PARENTS
FACULTY & STAFF
More
About Longleaf School of the Arts
What is Longleaf School of the Arts?
Longleaf School of the Arts is Raleigh's first charter high school that has its academic focus integrated with the fine and performing arts.  We are a college preparatory school that prepares students for university rigor while allowing them to explore their creative and artistic side.  We use a small high school setting to address the needs of students who are hard-working and dedicated to receiving a quality education, but who may struggle with some aspects of a traditional school setting. Longleaf offers a variety of Advanced Placement classes, as well as a wide variety of classes in the following fine and performing arts: choral music, dance, instrumental music, musical theatre, theatre, and visual art. 
​
The ideal Longleaf student is a someone who is motivated and creative.  A student doesn't need to be stellar academically to be successful, but they do need to dedicate the time and effort necessary to achieve their goals.
​
The teachers at Longleaf are experienced masters in their fields both artistically and academically. They use a variety of teaching methods, which include but are not limited to: Alder's Paideia Method, Creative Problem Solving, and Renzulli's Schoolwide Enrichment Model. They work to create students who think for themselves, take responsibility for themselves and become excellent contributors to our school community, their local community, and the global society at large.
​
Longleaf welcomes any student who loves the arts and understands that academic rigor is equally as important to their success! Feel free to ask questions, sign up for a shadow day or attend a parent information meeting to get more information about our school. 
​
Our History
Longleaf School of the Arts was established in 2013 by a dedicated educator, who thought that everyone deserved a NC Governor's School quality education. Additionally, our roots are grounded in the Raleigh Arts community, and each year our presence grows!
Our Philosophy
Students can accomplish anything given the opportunity and the setting to do so.  Tapping into their personal creativity and stretching their academic muscles each day will ready students for scholastic success, and artistic pursuits, while serving as productive citizens
in their community.
2016-17 Longleaf School of the Arts NC Report Card Grade
B
To view our complete report card click 
here
﻿﻿© 2016 Longleaf School of the Arts. Proudly created with 
Wix.com