Parent Teacher Organization
Parent Academy
PowerSchool Parent Portal
Uniforms
Supply List
Title 1
School Forms
Transportation
PARENTS
Portal
TEACHERS
Menu
ABOUT
President’s Welcome
Principal’s Message
Mission / Vision
Board
Annual Documents
Safety Plan
Staff Contact
ADMISSIONS
Welcome to Admissions
Application
Lottery Results
Registration Information
FAQ
ACADEMICS
Subjects
Grading Policy
Homework
One to One Laptop Program
Writing Revolution
Social Emotional Learning
Summer Packets
Supply List
CAMPUS LIFE
Meal Menus
Bell Schedule
Student Handbook
Code of Conduct
Clubs
Athletics
Dress Code
PowerSchool Student Portal
NEWS & CALENDAR
Newsletter
Calendar
DONATE
Social Emotional Learning
RULER
Restorative Circles
Peer Mediation
RULER
RULER is an acronym that stands for Recognizing, Understanding, Labeling, Expressing and Regulating emotions.
The RULER Anchor Tools help us to practice the skills of emotional intelligence every day.  Each of the four Anchor Tools allow for us to best handle and regulate of emotions.
The Charter
The Charter establishes agreed upon norms and guidelines, rather than rules, to help create a more contented, emotionally safe environment. Everyone has a voice and responsibility for developing the Charter and for upholding it. It is a commitment all members make to themselves and to one another. The Charter poses three questions: The first question is “How do we want to feel?” The next question explores what behaviors each member would need to exhibit in order to have those feelings. The third question is an agreement about how conflict will be handled. Upon completion, everyone signs the Charter as their way to commit to keeping the Charter alive. When fully integrated, the Charter can be a powerful tool to encourage personal and social responsibility at home, create more harmony, and to build trusting relationships.
The Mood Meter
Our emotions provide us with valuable information. When we pay attention to how we feel and understand and develop strategies for managing our emotions, we make wiser choices and better decisions. The Mood Meter tool is an opportunity to build emotional awareness, which is foundational for developing the skills of emotional intelligence. Everyone can grow personally by agreeing to check in regularly with themselves and each other on the Mood Meter. Checking in on the Mood Meter has several steps. First, you plot your feeling in one of the four quadrants. Second, you label how you are feeling as accurately as possible. Third, you reflect on what is causing you to feel how you are feeling and then consider. The last step is to select a useful strategy to maintain your current mood if it is helpful or to shift your mood if it is not. When you share your feelings, understandings and strategies together, you open up opportunities to grow together and feel closer.
The Meta Moment
Have you ever been “hijacked” by the power of your emotions and wished that you’d handled things differently? Take a Meta-Moment! This 6- step process helps us manage intense emotions “in the moment” so that we have more satisfying outcomes. The Meta-Moment teaches us how to “prolong the space in time” between feeling emotionally triggered by something or someone and our reaction time. When we take a Meta Moment, instead of simply “reacting,” we can choose how we want to respond and be more skillful. The Meta-Moment also helps each of us to build character by invoking an image of our Best Self. By identifying and reflecting on what “triggers” us, and what we are like when we are our Best Selves, we can be proactive about developing thought and action strategies that align with our values and meet our larger goals. In short, it helps us be the people we want to be.
The Blueprint
The Blueprint is a tool for helping everyone to develop empathy and perspective taking. Using questions anchored in the skills of emotional intelligence, the Blueprint encourages those involved to understand and consider one another’s thoughts and feelings when resolving conflicts or differences, and to identify constructive solutions. The Blueprint can also be a self-reflection tool. Used effectively, the Blueprint builds compassionate conversations within the family and engenders greater optimism in the challenging moments of everyday life.
Workshops are provided throughout the year for scholars and families to better understand and use the Anchors in your everyday life.
Restorative Circles
Circles use a highly structured process to create a safe space where people can share their feelings and experiences. Circle processes have been used in schools across the country to encourage and practice group communication, relationship-building, empathy, democratic decision-making, conflict resolution, and problem solving. The circle process provides an alternative to the style of discussion that involves debate and challenging each other. Instead, circles create a safe and non-hierarchical place in which each person can speak without interruption. It encourages respectful listening and reflection.
​T​he key components that set circles apart from other approaches​ are​:
Sitting in a Circle
A Meaningful Talking Piece
A Meaningful Center Piece
The Opening & Closing Ceremony
The Role of the Keeper
Peer Mediation
Peer Mediation is scholar to scholar problem solving. It is a process by which two or more scholars involved in a dispute meet in a private, safe, and confidential setting to work out problems with the assistance of a trained scholar mediator. Students are trained by a peer mediation teacher, and attend an additional after school program provided by the New York City Commission on Human Rights.
New World Preparatory Charter School
26 Sharpe Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10302
Phone: 718-705-8990
Fax: 718-422-1583
Site: newworldprep.org
Email				
					Email				
Facebook				
					Facebook				
© 2017 New World Preparatory Charter School. All Rights Reserved. Site Managed by 
edIT
.
Menu