Parent Teacher Organization
Parent Academy
PowerSchool Parent Portal
Uniforms
Supply List
Title 1
School Forms
Transportation
PARENTS
Portal
TEACHERS
Menu
ABOUT
President’s Welcome
Principal’s Message
Mission / Vision
Board
Annual Documents
Safety Plan
Staff Contact
ADMISSIONS
Welcome to Admissions
Application
Lottery Results
Registration Information
FAQ
ACADEMICS
Subjects
Grading Policy
Homework
One to One Laptop Program
Writing Revolution
Social Emotional Learning
Summer Packets
Supply List
CAMPUS LIFE
Meal Menus
Bell Schedule
Student Handbook
Code of Conduct
Clubs
Athletics
Dress Code
PowerSchool Student Portal
NEWS & CALENDAR
Newsletter
Calendar
DONATE
Parent Academy
Purpose
Parent Academy Events
Purpose
The Parent Academy was created so that our parents have the necessary additional supports in order to assist them with their child having a successful experience at New World Prep both in and outside of the classroom, as well into high school and college. The Parent Academy provides relevant, meaningful, social and cultural programs.
In additional to family programming, the Parent Academy seeks to connect the New World Prep community to the resources that are available to them in our greater Staten Island community.
If you have any questions about the Parent Academy please contact Mr. Payero, the Coordinator of the Parent Academy at 
jcpayero@newworldprep.org
 or 718-705-8990, ext. 212.
Parent Academy Events
Fall Semester of 2017
September- 2017
Social Media/Internet Safety Workshop
 Date: Monday, September 18 at 6 PM in the NWP Gymnasium
In this workshop, families will learn about the various ways that their scholar uses the Internet and how they are best able to keep them and their entire family safe. Families will come away with a greater understanding of the various forms of social media, Cyberbullying, and best practices for safe Internet usage.
RULER Workshop Series: The Family Charter
Dates:
Tuesday, September 26 at 6PM and Saturday, September 30 in Spanish
Thursday, September 28 at 6PM in English
The emotional climate of a home affects the family’s well being. The Charter is a collaborative document that helps families establish supportive and productive environments. All family members, outlining how they aspire to treat each other, create the family charter. Together, the family describes how they want to feel at home, the behaviors that foster those feelings, and guidelines for preventing and managing unwanted feelings and conflict. By working together to build the Charter, everyone establishes common goals and holds each other accountable for creating the positive climate they envision.
October-2017
RULER Workshop Series: Mood Meter
Dates:
Saturday, October 14 at 10AM and Tuesday, October 17 at 6PM in Spanish
Thursday, October 19 at 6PM
Learning to identify and label emotions is a critical step toward cultivating
emotional intelligence. Using the Mood Meter, families become more mindful of how their emotions change throughout the day and how their emotions in turn affect their actions. This workshop helps the individual to develop the self-awareness they need to inform their choices. Families learn to expand their emotional vocabulary, replacing basic feeling words with more sophisticated terms. They graduate from using words like ‘ok’ or ‘fine’ to using words like ‘alienated’ and ‘hopeless,’ or ‘tranquil’ and ‘serene.’ By teaching subtle distinctions between similar feelings, the Mood Meter empowers families to recognize the full scope of their emotional lives and address all feelings more effectively.
November-2017
RULER Workshop Series: Meta Moment
 Dates:
 Thursday, November 2 at 6PM and Saturday, November 2 at 10AM in Spanish
 Saturday, November 4 at 11:30AM in English
Emotions can either help or hinder relationships, and we all have moments that get the best of us. The Meta-Moment helps individuals handle strong emotions so that they make better decisions for themselves and their family. The Meta-Moment is a brief step back from the situation when we pause and think before acting. We ask ourselves, how would my “best self” react in this situation? What strategy can I use so that my actions reflect my best self? Over time and with practice, families replace ineffective responses with productive and empowering responses to challenging situations. They make better choices, build healthier relationships, and experience greater well-being.
Immigration Forum
Date: Monday, November 6 at 6PM in the NWP Gymnasium
This forum is held to inform our families of the various updates that have taken place in immigration law, respond to questions that families may have, and provide resources to assist them in their matter. This event is open to all NWP families and is hosted in partnership with El Centro del Inmigrante.
December-2017
RULER Workshop Series: Stress Relief
Dates: Tuesday, December 12 at 6PM in Spanish
Thursday, December 14 at 6PM in English
We can all become emotionally overwhelmed during the holiday season. Whether it is the gift shopping, the loss of a loved one, or the holiday blues, we must all learn strategies to best control those emotions. We invite you to come to learn and practice some affective methods to reduce stress and be your “best self”.
January- 2018
RULER Workshop Series: Blueprint
Dates:
Saturday, January 13 at 10AM and Tuesday, January 16 at 6PM in Spanish
Thursday, January 18 at 6PM in English
How everyone treats each other has a powerful effect on the family climate. Conflict between family members limits the growth of the entire home. The Blueprint helps families manage conflict effectively. Using the Blueprint, children and adults consider a disagreement from the other person’s perspective, as well as their own. They develop empathy by considering each other’s feelings and working collaboratively to identify healthy solutions to conflicts. The Blueprint helps repair relationships and build stronger ones, creating safer and more positive homes.
Improved Police Relations Workshop
Date: Wednesday, January 24 at 6PM in the NWP Gymnasium
Studies have shown that improved relations between community members and the
police lead to a reduction in crime, especially in under-represented communities. Come meet members of the 121st Precinct Community Affairs Bureau and learn about the various way that the NYPD and our greater community can work together to create a better neighborhood for all.
New World Preparatory Charter School
26 Sharpe Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10302
Phone: 718-705-8990
Fax: 718-422-1583
Site: newworldprep.org
Email				
					Email				
Facebook				
					Facebook				
© 2017 New World Preparatory Charter School. All Rights Reserved. Site Managed by 
edIT
.
Menu