Search this site
Navigation
Home
About Us
Academics
Athletics
Board of Trustees
Bullying Prevention
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Enrollment
Family Handbook
FAQ
Guidance Counseling
Learning Commons / Library
Naviance Family Connection
News
School Calendar
School Supplies, Forms and Documents
Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SEPAC)
Students with Disabilities Notice
Substance Use Prevention and Education
Donations
Employment
Contact Information
Parent Information
How to Login to Parent Info Website
Family Association Website
Accepting Applications for Fall 2018
We are accepting K, 6th, and 9th grade enrollment applications for Fall 2018 entry.  We accept 1st-5th grade applications for limited backfill slots. For more information, please see the 
Enrollment
 page for details. You may also call 413-582-7040 or email us at info@pvcics.org.
More...
Upcoming Information Session
General Information Session:
Saturday, April 7, 2018 at 1:00 PM
Location: 317 Russell St. (Rt. 9), Hadley, MA 01035
Webmaster
Send mail to 
webmaster@pvcics.org
 with questions or comments.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School
Equal Opportunity Provider
In accordance with Federal law and United States Department of Agriculture policy,this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis ofrace, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, or disability. (Not allprohibited bases apply to all programs.) To file a complaint ofdiscrimination, write to USDA, Director of 
Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272 (voice). USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.
FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Why is it better for my child to start learning a language in       elementary school? 
What is immersion? 
What happens on the first day of school?
How can I help my child with homework if I don't speak or read       Chinese? 
Will two languages confuse my child or hinder his or her English       language skills? 
What is a public charter school?
 Do charter public schools provide services for Special Education and ELL students?
Do charter public schools provide services for sub-proficient students?
Do charter public schools provide free and reduced cost lunch?
Why is it better for my child to start learning a language in       elementary school? 
Research shows that exposing children to a second language       at an early age stimulates the development of critical thinking and       problem-solving skills. We know from comparisons of the rates at which       children learn to speak, that no language is intrinsically more difficult       than any other language. Vocabulary grows from some 50 active words by 18       months to several thousand words by age five. The peak time for learning       languages is when children are young. Children who learn a language before       the onset of adolescence are more likely to have native-like       pronunciation. A number of experts attribute this proficiency to       physiological change that occurs in the maturing brain as a child enters       puberty. As with any subject, the more years a child can devote to       learning a language, the more competent he or she will become.  
Back to Top
What is Immersion? 
Foreign language immersion is a well-researched educational program in       which part of the school's curriculum is taught using a foreign language.       Students in language immersion programs achieve high levels of foreign       language proficiency as well as overall academic performance, typically,       at or better than students in English only programs. According to the       Center for Applied Linguistics, in 2005 there were almost 320 immersion       programs in the U.S.  
Back to Top
What happens on the first day of school?
Immersion teachers know that new students may not understand what is       being said in the beginning. Thus, teachers use a variety of techniques to       convey meaning. Immersion teachers may use many more gestures, facial       expressions and the use of models and concrete objects to make students       feel secure, comfortable and relaxed. The teachers will readily contact       parents, as necessary, so any classroom concerns can be addressed       immediately.  
Back to Top
How can I help my child with homework if I don't speak or read       Chinese? 
The Chinese immersion teachers in all grade levels will make a       conscious effort to explain thoroughly the homework assignments. In       addition, each Chinese immersion teacher will be teamed with his/her       counterpart who teaches the English portion of the program. Whenever       necessary, depending on the complexity of the material, both teachers will       send home an explanation of the homework and review the completed       homework.  
Back to Top
Will two languages confuse my child or hinder his or her English       language skills? 
Learning two languages has not       been shown to confuse children or hinder their learning. Extensive       research studies have found cognitive and academic benefits of early       bilingualism. The acquisition of language may not be consistent in both       languages at the same time. By the end of the elementary grades, immersion       students perform the same or better than students in English-only programs       on standardized tests of measured English skills. The K-8th grade Chinese       immersion program at Alice Fong Yu Alternative School outperformed their       district results at all grade levels for English and Math.
Back to Top
What is a public charter school? 
Created by the Education Reform Act of 1993,Massachusetts charter schools are public schools, designed to foster innovationand provide educational choices to parents and students. Commonwealth charterschools like PVCICS are overseen by the Massachusetts Department of Elementaryand Secondary Education.
Back to Top
Do charter public schools provide services for Special Education and ELL students? 
PVCICS is a Massachusettspublic charter school and complies with state and federal laws regardingspecial education and English Language Learners.   
PVCICShas licensed staff and procedures to support the needs of diverse learners,including those with special education and English language learner needs.PVCICS has a special education administrator, special education teachers and alicensed “English as a second language” teacher. PVCICS has small and largeresource rooms for students who need special instruction or services. Theschool provides small group instruction for students who need additionalacademic support in core academic subjects including Chinese.
 Parents with questions about services for
special education and English Language Learner students are encouraged to call the Director of Student Services for the latest information about services at the Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School.
Please click below to see the following notices of parent's rights:
Students with Disabilities Notice of Rights
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Back to Top
Do charter public schools provide services for sub-proficient students?
PVCICSprovides instructional supports for “sub-proficient” general educationstudents. The term “sub-proficient” is used by the Massachusetts Department ofElementary and Secondary Education to describe students who have not scoredproficient on the state mandated annual test (MCAS) which is given to allstudents in 3rd grade and higher.
PVCICShas implemented the Response to Intervention (RtI) process that uses amulti-tiered approach for delivering academic, social and/or emotional supportto students.
RtI is a regular educationinitiative of differentiated instruction to improve learning outcomes forstudents without a diagnosed disability. PVCICS’s RtI team of teachers,instructional support staff and specialists, met monthly to consistentlymonitor information showing how a student is progressing and makerecommendations on the use of specific teaching techniques, the collection ofdata, and additional support.
Ifthe student continues to have difficulties, the student is referred to theStudent Support Team (“SST”) where either it is recommended that additionalinterventions be implemented or a referral for special education be made.
The school has a certified special educationcoordinator who advises the Student Support Team (SST), coordinates in-houseand contracted special education services, and provides professionaldevelopment regarding special education for staff. Similarly, PVCICS has establishedprocedures to identify, support and evaluate students who are English languagelearners.
Back to Top
Do charter public schools provide free and reduced cost lunch? 
PVCICSoffers free and reduced cost lunches to students who meet eligibilityrequirements. Eligible students are offered social, emotional and financialsupport on other services, like busing. PVCICS has a licensed readingspecialist supported in part through Title I funds.
Back to Top
Sign in
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites