Search this site
Navigation
Home
About Us
Academics
Athletics
Board of Trustees
Bullying Prevention
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Enrollment
Family Handbook
FAQ
Guidance Counseling
Learning Commons / Library
Naviance Family Connection
News
School Calendar
School Supplies, Forms and Documents
Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SEPAC)
Students with Disabilities Notice
Substance Use Prevention and Education
Donations
Employment
Contact Information
Parent Information
How to Login to Parent Info Website
Family Association Website
Accepting Applications for Fall 2018
We are accepting K, 6th, and 9th grade enrollment applications for Fall 2018 entry.  We accept 1st-5th grade applications for limited backfill slots. For more information, please see the 
Enrollment
 page for details. You may also call 413-582-7040 or email us at info@pvcics.org.
More...
Upcoming Information Session
General Information Session:
Saturday, April 7, 2018 at 1:00 PM
Location: 317 Russell St. (Rt. 9), Hadley, MA 01035
Webmaster
Send mail to 
webmaster@pvcics.org
 with questions or comments.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School
Equal Opportunity Provider
In accordance with Federal law and United States Department of Agriculture policy,this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis ofrace, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, or disability. (Not allprohibited bases apply to all programs.) To file a complaint ofdiscrimination, write to USDA, Director of 
Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272 (voice). USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.
Home
‎ > ‎  
Naviance Family Connection
PVCICS is pleased to introduce Family Connection from Naviance, a web-based service designed especially for students and parents. Family Connection is a
comprehensive web site that you can use to help in making decisions about colleges and careers. Naviance is used in the Guidance Office to track and analyze data about
our students’ college and career plans.
Family Connection will allow students to:
Get involved in the planning and advising process - Build a resume, 
complete on-line surveys, and manage timelines and deadlines for making 
decisions about colleges and careers.
Research colleges - Compare GPA, standardized test scores, and other 
statistics to actual historical data from PVCICS for students who have applied 
and been admitted in the past.
Sign up for college visits (starting in the fall) - Find out which colleges are 
visiting PVCICS and sign up to attend those sessions.
Search for local &amp; national scholarships - Apply for scholarships and search 
for scholarships using a national database. 
Family Connection also makes it easy to share information about upcoming meetings and events and other Web resources for college and career information. Students can
also use the site to send the PVCICS counselor and college admission representatives an e-mail message.
For more information, please contact Ms. Paoletti at mpaoletti@pvcics.org.
To Access Naviance, please click on the following link: 
Naviance Family Connection
Sign in
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites