Search this site
Navigation
Home
About Us
Academics
Athletics
Board of Trustees
Bullying Prevention
English Language Learners Notice of Rights
Enrollment
Family Handbook
FAQ
Guidance Counseling
Learning Commons / Library
Naviance Family Connection
News
School Calendar
School Supplies, Forms and Documents
Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SEPAC)
Students with Disabilities Notice
Substance Use Prevention and Education
Donations
Employment
Contact Information
Parent Information
How to Login to Parent Info Website
Family Association Website
Accepting Applications for Fall 2018
We are accepting K, 6th, and 9th grade enrollment applications for Fall 2018 entry.  We accept 1st-5th grade applications for limited backfill slots. For more information, please see the 
Enrollment
 page for details. You may also call 413-582-7040 or email us at info@pvcics.org.
More...
Upcoming Information Session
General Information Session:
Saturday, April 7, 2018 at 1:00 PM
Location: 317 Russell St. (Rt. 9), Hadley, MA 01035
Webmaster
Send mail to 
webmaster@pvcics.org
 with questions or comments.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Pioneer Valley Chinese Immersion Charter School
Equal Opportunity Provider
In accordance with Federal law and United States Department of Agriculture policy,this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis ofrace, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, or disability. (Not allprohibited bases apply to all programs.) To file a complaint ofdiscrimination, write to USDA, Director of 
Civil Rights, 
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272 (voice). USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.
Home
‎ > ‎  
How to Login to the Parent Information Website
How to Login
1. Note: This step is only for the first login. If this is not your first login, go to step 2.  
You must be given access by PVCICS to access the Parent Information website. To do this, complete the Parent Information Website Registration 
form (available on this webpage below) or email info@pvcics.org with the same information as on the form. After your email id has been added to the access list, you
will receive an email inviting you to join the website.  You must accept the invitation by clicking on the link in the email.
2. Go to 
http://www.pvcics.org
3. On the left hand menu, click on "
Parent Information
".
4. Unless you have logged in earlier, you will be taken to the school's internal login site. Please click on "Sign in with a different account":
5. Type the email address you submitted to PVCICS for access in step 1.  This email id is used as the userid for the login . For example, jsmith@gmail.com. Click the "Go" button.
6. Next, you will see the Google Account login screen. Enter your password and click "Sign in".  Note: if 
your email id is a gmail id, your password will be the 
same as your gmail id.  
If this is your first time logging in and your email is not a gmail id, then you must "Sign Up" and setup 
a password.  After setting up a password, you will be able to
log in from the regular login screen.  See the screen shots for the two options below below.
For gmail ids, just enter your password. 
For non-gmail ids and this is the first time logging in, you need to set up a password by clicking "Sign Up" (red button in upper right).  If this
is not your first time logging in and you've already set up a password, then just enter your password.
7. You should be taken to the Parent Information Site.  
8. Remember to LOGOUT if you are on a public computer. The "Sign out" link is in the extreme upper right hand corner of this site.
Č
Updating...
Ċ
Parent Information Website Registration Form.pdf
(56k)
PVCICS Admin, 
Oct 3, 2013, 1:22 AM
v.1
ď
Sign in
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites