Search this site
Home
Home
About the Management Company
About WMA
Contact Us
Our Mission
Why Montessori?
Admissions / Enrollment
Application Process
Statement of Diversity
Programs
Before and After School Program
Early Childhood (3, 4 and early 5's)
Elementary Program (K - 7th Grade)
Board of Directors Meeting
Budget and Salary/Compensation Transparency Reporting
Camp Copneconic Album
District Calendar
Donations
Employment Opportunities
Field Trips
Middle School Information Night
MISTAR for Parents
MISTAR for Teachers
Parent Handbook 2017-18
Pizza Day Order
Popcorn Day Payment
Science Olympiad 3-5
Staff Directory
Student Information Policy/Opt Out Form
Student Connect
Subway Day Order Form
Admissions / Enrollment
New Student Enrollment
Enrollment at WaterfordMontessori Academy is open to all individuals who reside in the state ofMichigan.
WMA will allow any pupil whowas enrolled in the immediately preceding academic year to re-enroll in the appropriateage range/grade level if that grade is being offered.
If WMA receives more applications than thereare spaces available, students will be selected for enrollment through a randomselection drawing.
The application period fornew students will last for a minimum of two weeks.
Waterford Montessori Academy will then acceptapplications throughout the year.
Ifopenings occur during the year, students who have previously applied will beenrolled.
If openings do not occur,applicants will be placed on an official waiting list, which will be effectiveuntil the beginning of the next application period.
If there is no waiting list, students will beadmitted on a first-come, first-served basis.  
Re-enrolling Students
Parents or guardians ofall currently enrolled students will be notified of the deadline forre-enrollment of their child(ren).
Ifthe Academy’s Board has a sibling preference policy, the re-enrollment noticewill also request that the parent or guardian indicate whether a sibling(s)seeks to enroll for the upcoming academic year.
An enrolled student who does not re-enroll by the specified date canonly apply to WMA during the application period for new students.
An applicant on the waiting list at the timea new application period begins must reapply as a new student.
4860 Midland Avenue
Waterford, MI 48329
Phone: (248) 674-2400 / Fax: (248) 674-2424
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By 
Google Sites