Accessibility Toolbar
A
A
A
A
U
A +
A -
Revert Back To Original
Skip to main content
Portage Community School District
Search
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Home
District
Schools
Students
Staff Resources
Parents & Community
District
District Administrator's Communication
2017-2018 District Information
Alumni
Bus Transportation
Business Operations
Calendars
Employment
Food Service
GPYEF - Foundation
Information & Technology
Measures of Success
Online Registration
Open Enrollment
School Closures
Staff Directory
Staff Webpages
Strategic Plan
Summer School
Volunteer Opportunities
Student Services
Advanced Learners
Counseling Department
English as a Second Language
Nursing Services
Wellness
Instructional Services
The Warrior Way
District Elementary Benchmarks
Teacher Resources
School Board
Agendas & Minutes
Commendations
Policies
Recognition Awards
Online Nomination
High School
Portage High School
Middle School
Wayne E. Bartels Middle School
Elementary Schools
Endeavor Elementary
John Muir Elementary
Lewiston Elementary
Rusch Elementary
Woodridge Elementary
Preschool
Alternative Schools
Portage Academy
Summer School
Students Home
Staff Resources Home
Parents & Community
Menu
Facilities
Infinite Campus Portal
Columbia Cty Resource Guide
Marquette Cty Resource Guide
Sauk County Resource Guide
Portage Sharing Supper
District
District
Student Services
Advanced Learners
Counseling Department
English as a Second Language
Nursing Services
Wellness
Community Resources
Healthy Habits Introduction
Kid Fitness in Winter
Winter Produce
School Breakfast Week
Eat a Rainbow
Constipation
Hydration
Biking
Heat Illness
Outdoor Play
Food Allergies
Exercise and Colds
Diabetes
Introducing New Foods
Presidential Active Lifestyle Award
Vitamins and Supplements
Community Wellness Events & Resources
Let's Get Green and Growing!
Cooking with your Kids!
Instructional Services
School Board
Wellness
Welcome to the new Wellness page!
We are very excited to expand the District Wellness Policy information with our community.  Please join us in making our community's access to school related wellness policy information more meaningful.
Policy Statement:
The Portage Community School District believes that nutrition and physical activity influence a child’s development,
well-being, and readiness to learn. The District will promote healthy schools by supporting wellness, good nutrition
and regular physical activity as a part of the total learning environment. The District supports a healthy environment
where students and staff members learn and participate in positive dietary and lifestyle practices. By facilitating learning
through the support and promotion of good nutrition and physical activity, our schools contribute to the basic health
status of students and staff. Improved health optimizes student performance potential and contributes to the success
of all students.
Rationale:
Section 204 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Acts of 2010 (the Act), Public Law 111-296, added Section 9A to
the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (NSLA) (42 U.S.C.1758b), Local School Wellness Policy
Implementation. The provisions set forth in Section 204 expand upon the previous local wellness policy requirement
from the Child Nutrition and Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC)
Reauthorization Act of 2004 (Public Law 108-265)
Wellness Policy 537 of the School Board
The Board Policy 537 is the official wellness policy of our school district.
Overall wellness policy goals:
	Promote student wellness, prevent and reduce childhood obesity.
	Provide assurance that school meal nutrition guidelines meet the minimum Federal school meal standards.
I. Nutrition Education:
Goal: To support and promote nutrition education which contributes to student health and academic performance:
Standards based nutrition education integrated into curricula.
Utilize nutrition education within the school environment.
Health Curriculum:
Teachers will follow a comprehensive health curriculum, which shall be aligned with applicable standards.
Help students develop the knowledge, attitudes, skills and behavior regarding life-long healthy eating habits.
Parent Nutrition Education:
The goal is to provide education to parents at all school levels.
The District will promote nutrition education by providing informational handouts, postings on the District website, and presentations that focus on nutritional value and healthy lifestyles.
II. Physical Activity:
Goal: To provide opportunities for physical activity in school programs from Early Childhood 
 through 12th grade. 
-Physical Activity
-Physical Activity Opportunities
Physical Activity:
The importance of exercise and wellness, and the development of physical activities and skills, is essential for students to be healthy and physically active throughout life. The District will strive to accomplish this by the following: 
Physical Activity -
All students should have the opportunity to participate in and receive daily physical activity throughout the school year. 
Physical education teachers will be certified to teach physical education. 
Physical education teachers will follow a physical education curriculum, which shall be aligned with National and State Physical Education Standards. 
Students should spend at least 50 percent of physical education class time participating in moderate to vigorous physical activity. 
Physical education teachers will utilize student information systems in order to communicate student physical fitness data to both students and parents. 
Daily Recess- 
All elementary schools will provide supervised recess, preferably outdoors, during which schools should encourage moderate to vigorous physical activity through the provision of space and equipment. 
Breaks-
Schools should discourage extended periods (i.e. periods of two or more hours) of inactivity. When activities such as mandatory school-wide testing make it necessary for students to remain indoors for long periods of time, schools should give students periodic breaks during which they are encouraged to stand and be moderately active. 
Physical Activity and Punishment-
Teachers and other school and community personnel should not habitually use physical activity (e.g. running laps, pushups) or habitually withhold opportunities for physical  activity (e.g. recess, physical education) as punishment unless there is a safety issue. 
Physical Activity Opportunities Before and After School- 
The schools and the community should strive to offer physical activity programs, such as physical activity clubs or intramural programs. 
The high school and middle school will offer interscholastic sports programs. 
Schools will offer a range of activities that meet the needs, interests, and abilities of all students. 
After-school childcare and enrichment programs should provide and encourage daily periods of moderate to vigorous physical activity for all participants through the provision of space, equipment, and activities. 
III. Nutrition Guidelines:
Goal: To provide meals that meet or exceed federal and state standards 
-National school meal program guidelines 
-Competitive foods (vending), classroom/school celebrations, fundraisers, sports events 
National School Meal Program Guidelines- 
The food service department will promote healthy meals and meal alternatives as part of 
the educational learning environment. This will be accomplished by the following: 
Hot Lunch/Breakfast Program-
The full meal program will follow the U.S. Government’s Nutrition Standards and the 
District Nutrition Standards. 
District Nutrition Standards-FOOD-
The District will follow the Nutrition Standards in the National School Lunch and School 
Breakfast Program, which follow the guidelines of the Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act. 
This policy states that we have less than 10% saturated fats in all foods served. Lunch 
and Breakfast will follow the new calorie, sodium, bread, fruit, vegetable and milk 
requirement which begins in 2012. The sodium content of each meal will be reduced slightly 
for the next 10 years in order to meet federal guidelines. 
The district will work to provide a nutritional analysis of meals within two years of the 
adoption of this policy. Once implemented, this information will be posted and included 
in the district publication of menus. 
Nuts and seeds are exempt from these standards because they are nutrient dense foods 
that contain high levels of monounsaturated fats. Foods high in monounsaturated fat help 
lower “bad” cholesterol and maintain “good” HDL cholesterol. 
By 2014-2015 the District will offer 100% whole-wheat whole grain rich foods. 
The District will- 
Offer non-fried vegetables and fruit options each day at lunch and fruit options each day 
at breakfast. 
Limit or avoid any food item, served by the food service program or offered as a snack 
item, which contains more than one third of its weight from added sugar. 
Eliminate vending sales of candy. Non-vending sales of candy will only be permitted at 
the conclusion of the instructional day. 
District Nutrition Standards-BEVERAGES-
Vending or non-vending sales of soda or artificially sweetened drinks will not be 
permitted prior to the start and throughout the instructional day. 
Only low-fat and fat-free milk will be sold on school grounds. 
100% fruit juice drinks are recommended. 
IV. Nutrition promotion:
Goal: To provide promotion of nutrient dense foods, i.e., fresh fruits and vegetables, 
whole grains. 
Food demonstrations/taste testing 
Marketing 
Modeling 
Theme events (School Food Service Lunch Week, School Breakfast Week, Fresh 
Fruit/Veggie Month) 
A healthy snack list will be available on-line for parents and staff. (Healthy Snacks for 
Children) 
V. Public Involvement:
Goal: To collaborate with parents and the community to support and promote nutrition and 
 lifelong wellness habits. 
Designate one or more LEA officials or school officials to ensure compliance. 
School Board Member 
Administrative representative 
Physical education and health program leader 
District food service director 
Parent representative 
Student representatives 
Teacher from each school level 
  o Pre K – 5 
  o 6 – 8 
  o 9 – 12 
Guidance counselor/psychologist 
District nurse and school nurse 
Athletic director 
Community representative
VI. Implementation/Assessment/Update:
Goal: To promote communication of and the monitoring of the wellness policy. 
Inform and update the public about wellness policy content and implementation. 
Periodically measure, and make an assessment available to the public, that includes the 
extent to which schools are in compliance; how the policy compares to model policies; 
and progress made in attaining the goals of the policy. 
Communicate: 
Websites, handbooks, newsletters and other opportunities as become available. 
Monitoring: 
The District Food Service Director, Administrator and School Nurse are responsible for the 
evaluation process. 
An annual evaluation process will be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the District’s Wellness 
Policy. 
The compliance group will meet a minimum of twice per year to monitor progress and make 
recommendations.
Annual Evaluation Summary for the Public
2013-14 Annual Evaluation
This summarizes the review of each building for the school year ending June 2014.
2012-13 Annual Evaluation
This summarizes the review of each building for the school year ending June 2013.
Plans for 2013-14
Calendar of meetings for 2014-15
This lists the meetings for the full committee and the review committee for the year.
Calendar of meetings for 2013-14
This lists the meetings for the full committee and the review committee for the year.
Created with CMS4Schools
Copyright © 2018 Portage Community School District. All Rights Reserved.
305 East Slifer Street, Portage, WI 53901
District Office Phone: (608) 742-4879
Fax: (608) 742-4950
Contact Us