home
admissions
Overview
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
Student Assessment
“Assessment is authentic when we directly examine student performance on worthy intellectual tasks.” (Grant Wiggins, 1990).  
        NOCCS uses a variety of formative, summative, and on-going performance assessments that measure how well students demonstrate understanding and mastery of skills and content as defined by the California Content Standards as well as learning goals and benchmarks established by the school.  Below are NOCCS’s main forms of assessments utilized by the school in assessing pupil progress:                
Annual State Mandated Standardized Testing
      	State mandated standardized assessments will be administered each year to all students required to take each battery of tests.  These tests include the California Standards Test (CST), the California Alternative Performance Assessment (CAPA), and the California English Language Development Test (CELDT).  In addition, the California Physical Fitness Test will also be administered in grades 5 and 7.                    
Progress Reports 
      	Progress reports are one of the assessment cornerstones of our academic program.  Our progress reports describe the level of development for each child in relation to key, standards-based grade level skills and content.
 Our Progress Reports are designed to describe a continuum of learning stages (beginning, developing, approaching, meeting, and exceeding) towards and including mastery and beyond.  Our progress reports also contain several narrative sections where teachers detail examples of a child’s level of development/mastery based on observations, student work, portfolio submissions, projects/performances of understanding, and/or various classroom-based and school-wide assessments.  
		Developmental progress is measured in the following areas: reading (fluency, comprehension, and literary analysis), writing (content and conventions), mathematics (number sense, algebra and functions, measurement and geometry, statistics-data analysis-probability, and reasoning and communication), social studies/history (content and process), science (content and process), music/performing arts, physical education, electives (grades 6 – 8), and peacemaking and study skills (work habits, life-long learner habits, and community habits).                     
Developmental Reading Assessment (DRA) and Leveled Reading Assessment (LRA)
      	All students in grades K-8 are assessed at the beginning of the year using the Developmental Reading Assessment (DRA)  to determine the student’s independent and instructional reading level as designated using the Fountas & Pinnell leveling system .  For early and upper emergent readers, generally students in grades K-3, and/or students whose independent reading levels are at levels A – J, teachers conduct on-going running records a minimum of every six weeks.  
	For early to advanced fluent readers or students, generally in grades 4 – 8, whose independent reading levels range from levels K – Z, NOCCS teachers administer a leveled reading assessment such as the 
Village Academies Leveled Text Reading Assessment
 (© Copyright 2006 Village Academies).  These early to advanced fluency benchmark assessments are administered by NOCCS teachers every six weeks and assess student application of a range of comprehension strategies and understanding of a variety of literary features set forth by the California English-language arts standards.  
                The data from the reading assessments are used for several purposes including the provision of (1) accurate grouping of students for targeted reading instruction, (2) feedback for students, teachers, and families in terms of student growth in reading fluency and comprehension, (3) data concerning the efficacy of instructional practices, (4) information for on-going professional development and support needs of NOCCS teachers, (5) data for identification of students in need of extra support/practice/acceleration, and (6) critical information for the monitoring of school-wide progress towards literacy goals/objectives.                 
Trimester Mathematics Assessments
      	The NOCCS mathematics curriculum is mapped to standards and assessments each grade level.  At the end of each trimester, students are assessed using a school-wide assessment that cover all standards covered to date.  These assessment include both multiple choice and constructed response questions.  The data from these assessments are used for several purposes including (1) accurate identification of students in need of review, remediation, and/or acceleration of skills and concepts through either in-class or enrichment activities, (2) feedback for students, teachers, and families in terms of student growth in this subject area, (3) provision of data concerning the efficacy of instructional practices and materials, (4) information pertaining to teachers’ needs for professional development and support pertaining to mathematics instruction and subject matter knowledge, and (5) data for monitoring school-wide progress towards mathematics goals and objectives.                       
Portfolios
      	Portfolios are used as a record of learning that includes samples of work and students’ reflection on their work.  Portfolios display the individual nature of children’s learning over time, provide evidence of academic achievement for progress reports, and assist NOCCS’ teachers with targeted instructional planning.  Portfolios are reviewed by students, parents/guardians, and teachers at each family conference as well as at the end of the school year.  As a learning record, portfolios ensure teacher knowledge of student work from class to class.  Each trimester, students – in consultation with their teachers – select work samples from all core subject areas as well as peacemaking and service-learning to place in their portfolios.  
        Over the next several years, NOCCS will be in the process of refining and improving our portfolio assessment system.  Through this process we will continue to update and standardize required portfolio submissions, create a standardized submission process and form, develop a school-wide protocol for portfolio review at conferences and other points in the year, and consider a portfolio presentation/defense process for key transition points in a student’s academic career (such as moving from grade level span to the next and 8th grade promotion).                    
Initial and Guided Performances of Understanding
      	Within our Teaching for Understanding (TfU) science and social studies units, teachers design a number of initial and guided performances of understanding to assess the on-going development of student understanding and/or mastery of process-related skills related to the defined understanding goals of each unit.  These assessments are used to provide teachers with a picture of what each learner is understanding so that curriculum and instruction may be adapted and/or differentiated so that the teacher can direct and guide the student(s) towards mastery of content and skills.                      
Culminating Performances of Understanding
      	Each TfU unit also includes a culminating performance of understanding for each defined understanding goal of a given unit.  Culminating performances of understanding are carefully constructed student tasks and projects that promote reflective engagement and challenge students to demonstrate and apply new understanding and/or skills in a unique context.  Often these culminating performances of understanding are public demonstrations, such as our annual Exhibition Night.  In designing these units, NOCCS teachers construct standards-based project rubrics for each understanding goal within a unit of study.  These rubrics also become the basis for standards-based report cards.  In addition, each NOCCS student develops and keeps a science/social studies portfolio with assessments and student work from each unit of study from their career at NOCCS.                
Spelling, Phonics, and Phonemic Awareness Inventories
      	Phonemic awareness and phonics inventories are administered to all early and emergent readers a minimum of four times per year or until they demonstrate mastery of sound-letter correspondence and other phonics skills.  Developmental spelling assessments are administered students in order to track each child’s orthographic knowledge and skill and appropriately group each child for targeted instruction and/or placement into an appropriate developmental spelling group.         
Writing Rubrics
      	NOCCS uses locally developed rubrics that align to grade-specific content standards for writing.      
Observation
      	Teachers record their observations about students’ learning and thinking and use them in evaluation and instruction.  Observations include both anecdotal records, where teachers take notes on what a student does, and systematic observation that allows teachers to observe a specific child or group of children at a particular time with a specific objective in mind.       
Interviews
      	Systematic interviews during student-teacher conferences at the beginning of the year and at various times throughout provide information to guide instruction.
Use and Communication of Assessment Data
  NOCCS uses the internal and external assessments outlined above to inform instruction and curriculum development. After each assessment teachers analyze the data and plan further instruction and differentiation strategies.  This analysis focuses on the reasons behind any miscues such as concept, vocabulary, or skill.  Each assessment is followed by teacher planning with a focus on re-teaching and further differentiation of instruction.  Teachers have the opportunity to target whole group, small group, or individual classroom instruction for any standards, concepts, or skills students have not mastered.  Students needing additional or more intensive support are referred for school-based interventions. 
The results of the assessments are shared with parents/guardians at least three times per year, and more often for students who are struggling. Teachers and/or the Dean of Students help parents understand the outcomes from the internal and external assessments and inform parents what they can do to support their student’s education.
In order to best serve our students and community, NOCCS will continue to examine and refine its list of student outcomes over time to reflect the school’s mission and any changes to state standards that support our mission.  
Details about measuring student achievement
Details about assessment tools
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation