home
admissions
Overview
Tours
about
General Information
Mission
History
Staff
Board of Directors
FAQ
Jobs
curriculum
Educational Philosophy
Educational Programs
Core Curriculum
Student Assessment
Professional Development
community
Family Involvement
Volunteering at NOCCS
Community Partners
giving
Donate to NOCCS
Fundraising Events
extended day
FAMILY CONNECTION
Select Language
Arabic
Bengali
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Punjabi
Russian
Spanish
Urdu
Powered by 
Translate
Overview
Tours
Admissions Overview
NOCCS is a public charter school open to all eligible California residents.  Children entering kindergarten must be five years of age on or before September 1st of their kindergarten year. Our 
 Admissions Policy
 includes lottery preferences for siblings, employee and board-member children, students zoned to attend an underperforming school and children residing within the Oakland Unified School District attendance boundary.
The application and admissions process for NOCCS is as follows:    
Families are encouraged to learn about our education program and philosophies. Our web site is a great place to start.    
Organized tours and open houses are offered in the fall/winter prior to the school year applying for.    
Applications are accepted online via the Enroll Oakland Charters (EOC) Common Application.    
Applications received by the Open Enrollment Due Date (mid-February) are included in the March Lottery.    
Applications received after the Due Date are placed on the waitlist in the order received.    
If a seat becomes available (from either the Lottery or Waitlist), you will be required to submit the following documentation to verify your child's application, prior to the offer being made:                           	
All required online fields completed
The following documents:
Child’s age/identity verification in the form of a religious, hospital, or physician's certificate showing date of birth; an entry in a family bible; an adoption record; an affidavit from a parent/guardian; a birth certificate; previously verified school records; or any other documents permitted by law.
THREE documents showing matching names and addresses (financial information may be blacked out), such as:              
A copy of a parent/guardian's CA Driver's License or official California ID Card from the Department of Motor Vehicles with your current address on it, or change it officially with the DMV (can be done online for $2 at 
http://www.dmv.ca.gov/online/coa/welcome.htm
) and attach the printout to your CDL copy
A bill dated within 90 days:  PG&E, home telephone bill, water bill, garbage   bill, cable bill, etc.        
Automobile registration AND automobile insurance (
these documents count   for two of the required documents, but must be provided together
).
Homeowner’s/renter’s insurance policy
Rental agreement copy
Property tax statement 
Official letter from a social services/governmental agency within 90 days
A copy of any OUSD letters or documentation of OUSD resident status 
A copy of the child’s most recent report card to verify grade level (waived for Kindergarten applicants)
*Please note that NOCCS utilizes the documents above for the purposes of establishing an applicant's identity, age, and residency ONLY. A parent or student's citizenship status will NOT affect enrollment.		
More information:
An Admissions Lottery is held in mid-March for applicants who have submitted applications by the close of the Open Enrollment period.  The lottery is open to the public, although attendance is not required. During the lottery, names of applicants will be drawn.  A waiting list will also be drawn for classes where applicants outnumber open spaces.
A student who was drawn for an open slot will be notified by email and phone/voicemail within five days of the lottery.  Families have until the Enroll Oakland Charters acceptance date to reply.
Tours and visits for admitted students will be announced by the school following the lottery.
A student who was drawn for the waiting list will be notified by email.  In addition, parents/guardians can access their child's enrollment status via their online account. 
 Post-lottery applications are accepted online year-round. Applicants are offered a place at NOCCS based on the availability of open seats and our admissions policies, and generally must reply to accept or decline the seat within 72 hours.
Families of waitlisted students will be alerted by email if/when a space becomes available.
To apply to enroll your child at NOCCS for the upcoming school year: 
Apply for 2018-19
You may also apply for the current 2017-18 school year  using the same link. Make sure to choose the correct school year.
home
admissions
about
curriculum
community
giving
extended day
Original text
Contribute a better translation