Skip to main content
					Green Woods Charter School							
Main Menu Toggle
Our School
Our Mission
School Climate
Administration
Staff Directory
Admissions
Donate to us
Partners
FAQs
Student Services
Special Education
Reading & Literacy Program
RTI
Student Health
Counseling
Academics
Curriculum
Early Elementary (K-2)
Elementary (3-5)
Middle School (6-8)
Specials
Parents & Students
Student-Parent Handbook
School and Family Compact
Right to Know
School Calendar
Trailblazers
School News
Student Activities
Get Involved!
PTA
Board of Trustees
Meet the Board
Public Meeting Schedule
Register for Public Comment
Meeting Minutes & Financials
GWCS By-Laws
Contact
 Search
About
			 » Mission Statement			
Mission Statement
Mission
To provide children in grades K through 8 with the opportunity to be active, knowledgeable, and conscientious young investigators by fostering a keen understanding of the interrelatedness and interdependence of our local and global existence; creating active young stewards of the natural world.
Vision
Children will understand that learning is an ongoing process requiring a strong foundation. They will use their special talents and knowledge to creatively and continually improve themselves and their environment.
Values
Children will recognize that world problems are complex and the search for answers must include research into politics, economics, culture, and the sciences.
In addition to knowing how to do things, children will understand why things are done that way.
Children will not simply tolerate, but will enjoy and actively search for a diversity of perspectives recognizing that many perspectives are necessary to create a complete picture.
Through small, constant steps, children will develop the habit of improvement, doing things better, little by little, all the time.
Children will comfortably ask for what they need, knowing that assistance will be forthcoming and recognizing that some answers are not immediate.
We recognize that all children learn in different ways and at different rates. We will strive to do our best to allow students to participate fully in all aspects of the educational experience with appropriate accommodations, within our means, creating a positive lesson for all.
When children learn within a culture of motivation, self-esteem, responsibility and mutual respect, circumstances for inappropriate behavior are greatly minimized. Rules and expectations will be clearly defined and uniformly communicated and carried out.
Mission Statement
School Climate
Frequently Asked Questions
Partners
Contact Us
Green Woods Charter School
468 Domino Lane, Philadelphia, PA 19128
Phone: 
(215) 482-6337
 Fax: (215) 482-9135 
Select Language
​
▼
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Parent Portal
Homework
Directions
Original text
Contribute a better translation