Skip to main content
					Green Woods Charter School							
Main Menu Toggle
Our School
Our Mission
School Climate
Administration
Staff Directory
Admissions
Donate to us
Partners
FAQs
Student Services
Special Education
Reading & Literacy Program
RTI
Student Health
Counseling
Academics
Curriculum
Early Elementary (K-2)
Elementary (3-5)
Middle School (6-8)
Specials
Parents & Students
Student-Parent Handbook
School and Family Compact
Right to Know
School Calendar
Trailblazers
School News
Student Activities
Get Involved!
PTA
Board of Trustees
Meet the Board
Public Meeting Schedule
Register for Public Comment
Meeting Minutes & Financials
GWCS By-Laws
Contact
 Search
Curriculum
			 » Curriculum Overview			
Curriculum Overview
Our Foundation
Green Woods Charter's curriculum is designed, developed, and continually revised by our teachers throughout each 
academic year. The foundation for curriculum development is based on the EIC Model researched by Dr. Gerald Lieberman and supported by a grant through Pew Charitable Trust.  Our belief is that learning about the natural world, their place in it, and their responsibility to it is an engaging focus for study that captivates our students' interests in their surroundings. In addition to a strong content-driven curriculum, our students are given the opportunity to look critically at environmental issues and to take personal responsibility for finding solutions by asking the right questions. Green Woods provides ample opportunity for students to engage in experiential investigations with real questions and real answers.
A Focus on Environmental Science
Environmental science integrates seamlessly into our standards-based programs.  Lucy Caulkin's method, Step-Up-To-Writing, Wilson's Fundations and Everyday Math are some of the foundational practices that our teachers integrate into their everyday practice. Students are able to use math, reading, writing, and social science skills to portray knowledge and understanding of environmental science in all academic and social realms. Starting in Kindergarten, our students are immersed in environmental science content and use the study of the natural world as a focus for reading, writing, creative arts and more. Our youngest "naturalists" become actively engaged in environmental field studies, where they apply what they learn in class to the real world around them. By the time our students have matriculated through our curriculum framework, they are well-prepared for understanding the environment, their place in it, and their responsibility to it. Our K-8 curriculum framework builds upon a strong content-driven foundation focused on providing an integrated approach to learning that is unlike any other K-8 school in our region.
Standardized Testing
Student achievement at Green Woods is clearly evidenced through the scores earned each year during The Pennsylvania System of School Assessment (PSSA). Green Woods's reputation for making AYP for 10 consecutive years speaks volumes for the commitment teachers have to upholding the highest ideals of Pennsylvania State Standards and the vision and mission of Green Woods Charter School. Our students' ability to display strong knowledge in all areas is evidence of the effectiveness of cross-curricular integration. Please take time to explore our many classrooms and learn why others have reached out from across the state and country wanting to replicate our program.
Curriculum Overview
EIC Model
Eco Schools
Technology
Green Woods Charter School
468 Domino Lane, Philadelphia, PA 19128
Phone: 
(215) 482-6337
 Fax: (215) 482-9135 
Select Language
​
▼
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Parent Portal
Homework
Directions
Original text
Contribute a better translation