Skip to main content
					Green Woods Charter School							
Main Menu Toggle
Our School
Our Mission
School Climate
Administration
Staff Directory
Admissions
Donate to us
Partners
FAQs
Student Services
Special Education
Reading & Literacy Program
RTI
Student Health
Counseling
Academics
Curriculum
Early Elementary (K-2)
Elementary (3-5)
Middle School (6-8)
Specials
Parents & Students
Student-Parent Handbook
School and Family Compact
Right to Know
School Calendar
Trailblazers
School News
Student Activities
Get Involved!
PTA
Board of Trustees
Meet the Board
Public Meeting Schedule
Register for Public Comment
Meeting Minutes & Financials
GWCS By-Laws
Contact
 Search
About
			 » Contact Us			
Contact Us
Green Woods Charter School
468 Domino Lane 
Philadelphia, PA 19128
Phone: (215) 482-6337
*If you have any questions, please use the 
Staff Directory
 to forward to the appropriate recipient. 
Effective January 1, 2009, Pennsylvania's revised the Right-to-Know Law. The law applies to public charter schools. For more information about the law, please visit the web site of the Pennsylvania Freedom of Information Coalition at 
http://www.openrecordspa.org/rtk.html
To file a request with Green Woods, address this request to: 
Green Woods Charter School
Attn: Open Records Officer
468 Domino Lane
Philadelphia, PA 19128
Fax: 215-482-9135 Attn: Open Records Officer
Driving Directions
From I-76 (Schuylkill Expressway):When traveling northbound, exit at Green Lane/Belmont Avenue Exit (#338). Turn right at the end of the ramp onto Green Lane to cross bridge. If traveling southbound, turn left at the end of the ramp onto Green Lane to cross bridge. At the end of the Green Lane Bridge, turn left onto Main St. Follow Main St. to Leverington Ave., and turn right. Take a quick left onto Umbria St. Follow until a right turn onto Domino Lane. The building will be at the top of the hill on the right.
From I-276 (Pennsylvania Turnpike): Exit at the Norristown Exit (#333). Follow Germantown Pike eastbound approximately 1.8 miles, and turn right onto Joshua Rd. Go .4 miles and turn left onto Ridge Pike. Follow Ridge Pike as it turns into Ridge Ave. for about 4 miles.Turn right onto Domino Lane, at the intersection with the Ivy Ridge Shopping Center. The building will be on the left. 
From I- 476 (Blue Route): When traveling northbound, exit at the Conshohocken Exit (#18A). Turn right at the end of the ramp on to Ridge Pike. If traveling southbound, exit at the Norristown Exit (#18). Make a slight right onto Ridge Pike traveling westbound. Turn right onto Alan Wood Road for turnaround to Ridge Pike eastbound. Follow Ridge Pike as it turns into Ridge Ave. for about 4 miles.Turn right onto Domino Lane, at the intersection with the Ivy Ridge Shopping Center. The building will be on the left.
Green Woods Charter School
468 Domino Lane, Philadelphia, PA 19128
Phone: 
(215) 482-6337
 Fax: (215) 482-9135 
Select Language
​
▼
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Parent Portal
Homework
Directions
Original text
Contribute a better translation