Skip to main content
					Green Woods Charter School							
Main Menu Toggle
Our School
Our Mission
School Climate
Administration
Staff Directory
Admissions
Donate to us
Partners
FAQs
Student Services
Special Education
Reading & Literacy Program
RTI
Student Health
Counseling
Academics
Curriculum
Early Elementary (K-2)
Elementary (3-5)
Middle School (6-8)
Specials
Parents & Students
Student-Parent Handbook
School and Family Compact
Right to Know
School Calendar
Trailblazers
School News
Student Activities
Get Involved!
PTA
Board of Trustees
Meet the Board
Public Meeting Schedule
Register for Public Comment
Meeting Minutes & Financials
GWCS By-Laws
Contact
 Search
Students & Parents
			 » Trailblazers			
Trailblazers
The Trailblazer Club is Green Woods Charter School’s school-wide behavior plan. The Trailblazer Club is modeled from the Principal's 200 Club, which is a school-wide positive behavior program used in various school districts.  The goal is to reinforce positive choices and actions by our students who demonstrate their ability to follow the school-wide rules; “Be Responsible, Be Respectful, and Be Safe”.  Ultimately, the program's goal is to reduce conduct referrals and office visits through positive reinforcement of those students following our three school-wide rules.
Each day Trailblazer tickets are placed in staff mailboxes. This is a random process and students do not know which teachers are holding a Trailblazer ticket on any given day.  Teachers will observe students being, “Respectful, Responsible, or Safe.”  When a student receives a Trailblazer Ticket, he/she takes that ticket to the main office to sign the “Celebrity Book,” and receive a Trailblazer Certificate. Students also receive a random number and write their name on our Trailblazer Board.  When 10 names form a row, column or diagonal on the Trailblazer Board, these students names are called over the loudspeaker and receive the Mystery Motivator prize.  Mystery Motivator prizes may include gift certificates, small prizes, books, technology time, or an extra gym period, etc.
Student-Parent Handbook
Parent Resources
Student Activities
Get Involved!
Trailblazers
Green Woods Charter School
468 Domino Lane, Philadelphia, PA 19128
Phone: 
(215) 482-6337
 Fax: (215) 482-9135 
Select Language
​
▼
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Parent Portal
Homework
Directions
Original text
Contribute a better translation