Riverside Academy East
Login
About Us
BUDGET AND SALARY/COMPENSATION TRANSPARENCY REPORTING
Contact Us
Educational Roadmap
Events
Faculty
GEE
GEE Reports
Principal's Corner
School Improvement Plan
Academics
Annual Education Report
Character Education
Curriculum
Programs
Annual Education Report
Technology Plan
admissions
Enrollment
Classrooms
Image Gallery
parents university
Fire, Tornado, Emergency Drill
News
Parent Handbook
Parent Links
Parent Teacher Involvement Committee
Cafeteria/ School Meals
School Calendar
School Newsletter
Title I
School Board
Board Calendar
Board Members
Board Policies
Board Approved/Proposed Minutes
Board Agendas
School Budget
Riverside Academy Early Childhood Center
Staff
Staff Links
Annual Education Report
Character Education
Curriculum
Programs
Annual Education Report
Technology Plan
Instructional Program
Sheltered Instruction Observation Protocol (SIOP) is a model that works well with the English Language Learners served by Riverside Academy East. This model was developed by the National Center for Research on Education, Diversity and Excellence funded by the US Department of Education. The theory behind this model is that language acquisition is enhanced through meaningful use and interaction with the English language. Through the study of content, students interact with the English Language Learners in a meaningful way with material that is relevant to their schooling. All content lessons incorporate activities in the language processes; listening, speaking, reading, and writing. The teachers make the content comprehensible for all students through techniques such as the use of visual aids, modeling, demonstrations, graphic organizers, vocabulary, adapted texts, cooperative learning, peer tutoring, and native language support. All professional staff members are trained on this instructional model and through its use, students are able to master the state-required expectations for yearly improvement.
After School Adult Education Program
At Riverside Academy East, there are Computer Skills and English classes offered for parents. Both courses are taught by our professional Riverside staff. 
The computer classes cover basic information about computers, the hardware, technical terms and how to use basic software. It will also cover the use of internet, setting an email account and using the searching devices.
 The English class focuses on conversational themes and help parents in discussion dialogue and a variety of important day to day issues in English.
        Riverside Academy East • 7124 Miller Road • Dearborn, MI • (313) 624-3200      