Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Uniform Policy
Since 1996, the Monument Academy school board, administration and teachers agree with much of the research in regard to the positive learning environment that is created when students wear uniforms.  Monument Academy believes that a safe and disciplined learning environment is an important aspect of a rigorous school.  Our uniform policy is intended to promote respect for the learning process, build school identity and community spirit, and to create a safe and orderly school climate.
It is school policy that students wear clothing in line with the grade specific uniform guidelines.  This is not a dress code but rather a uniform.  The uniform guidelines are in affect every day of the school year.  There will be some days designated as “Denim Days” or “Fun Dress/Choice Dress Days.”  Those days will be announced in advance via Lynx News and on the school website.  Guidelines for those days will be announced at the appropriate time.
Requiring a uniform is one of the distinctions of our school and we need your help for it to be upheld.  We ask for parent support in upholding the uniform guidelines.
Uniform Guidelines by Grade
2017-2018 Preschool Uniform Guidelines
2018-2019 Elementary School Uniform Guidelines
2018-2019 Middle School Uniform Guidelines
2018-2019 Friday Dress Code
APPAREL
 SELECTION: 
School preferred vendors are French Toast, Lands End and Educational Outfitters.  The school has reviewed all products offered by these companies and selected products that to provide sufficient choices of styles and fits for students.
French Toast
Website
School Code: QS5QVJI
Online order only
Educational Outfitters
Website
School Code: CO01086
Online order only
Lands End
Website
School Code:  900030560
Online Order Instructions
In-store shopping located in Centennial, CO or in Sears stores
Please review the styles, fabrics, and fit of items from our approved vendors. Items not purchased from vendors must match style, fabric, and fit as pictured and described on the following websites. Be sure to navigate to the Monument Academy approved items from each vendor.
Spirit wear may be purchased online through the PTO Spirit Wear store.  Follow this link for the online store: 
MA Spiritwear
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login