Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Assessments
Below is a list of assessments administered by Monument Academy, grade levels assessed, times of the year the assessments are administered, and what each assessment is used for.
Assessment
Grade Levels
Time Frames
Description
Dibels
K – 5th
Aug – Sep
Dec  
Apr - May
Dibels is used to monitor how young elementary students are progressing in basic reading skills.
Students in 4th & 5th grades are assessed once at the beginning of the year, then individual students are progress monitored as necessary.
NWEA
3rd – 8th 
Aug - Sep  
Dec
Mar - Apr
NWEA is the primary assessment used by faculty at Monument Academy to track the growth and development of students in grades 3 through 8 over time. Subject areas assessed include Math, Reading, Language, and Science*
CogAt
3rd, 6th, 7th 
Oct
CogAt is used to fulfill a state requirement to screen for students that may be gifted/talented in reasoning and problem-solving skills.
ACCESS
K  – 8th
Jan 
ACCESS is administered to students that are English Language Learners to monitor a student’s progress in English language proficiency.
State Standardized Assessments**
CMAS/
Science & SS
PARCC
ELA & Math
3rd – 8th 
Apr
State law requires that CMAS/PARCC Mathematics and English/Language Arts assessments are administered to all students in the listed grade levels. Additionally, 5th and 8th grade students are assessed in Science, and in some years 4th and 7th grade students are assessed in Social Studies.
CoAlt DLM
3rd – 8th 
Apr
Administered to students in the listed grade levels with significant cognitive disabilities to measure Math and English Language Arts performance. Additionally, 5th and 8th grade students are assessed in Science, and in some years 4th and 7th grade students are assessed in Social Studies.
NAEP
4th, 8th
Jan - Mar
NAEP is a nationally administered assessment. Schools are randomly selected for participation, and are mandated to administer the assessment. Please visit 
https://nces.ed.gov/nationsreportcard/about/
 for more information.
* Grades 3 & 4 do not complete the Science section of the NWEA MAP Growth Assessment
** Colorado state law (HB 15-1323) grants parents the right to refuse having their children complete state standardized tests. Please see our 
Assessment Refusal: Frequently Asked Questions
 page for more information
State Standardized Assessments
During the month of April, Monument Academy will begin administering the PARCC/CMAS/CoAlt standardized assessments, as the 2018-2019 assessment season approaches look for a link to our 2019 – Spring Assessments at a Glance page.
Colorado Law requires students in grades 3 through 8 to complete these assessments, but additional legislation allows parents to refuse assessment of their student(s) without any ramifications. Per board policy, parents/guardians may choose to excuse their student(s) from participation in the state-mandated standardized assessments by completing and submitting the online “Assessment Refusal” no less than 3 days before the day of assessment, although for planning purposes we do ask that refusals are submitted earlier. All refusals must be submitted online, per 
Monument Academy Board Policy #1525
 we will no longer accept paper refusal forms. Links to our Assessment Refusal: Frequently Asked Questions page and Online Assessment Refusal Instructions are found below, or can be picked up at the school’s main office.
* Assessment Refusal: Frequently Asked Questions
* Online Assessment Refusal Instructions
Click below to be taken directly to the Online Assessment Refusal Form:
* Online Assessment Refusal
Please contact the Assessment Coordinator with any questions.
Email
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login