Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Lunch Program
Monument Academy is excited to be in a continued partnership with Lewis Palmer School District to offer lunches for all students. Menus for lunches can be viewed online at our website or through the district website. Milk and lunch prices are listed on the district website.
New for the 2014-15 school year, Lewis-Palmer School District Nutrition Services has partnered with My School Bucks to provide online lunch account payments. This new system allows online payments to reach your student’s account immediately. For more information on signing up for online lunch payments, go to: 
http://www.myschoolbucks.com
Please remember that you are not pre-ordering food; just adding funds to an account that will be debited after the student goes through the lunch line. There is a fee to use myschoolbucks.com and it is automatically added to every payment processed. 
As always, you may also send payment directly to the school. Send in a check written to “LPHLP” (Lewis Palmer Hot Lunch Program). You must write your child’s name on the check. Cash is discouraged but if you prefer to send in cash, use a sealed envelope with your child’s name and teacher listed on the front with a note that the money is for a lunch payment. If you are paying for more than one child (either by check or cash) you must be specific about how much money is intended for each child. 
Each morning the teachers will be taking a lunch count in their room. Your child will need to know what their choice is at that time based on the menu for that day. Please study the menu with them and help them decide prior to school. Free and Reduced Lunch Program
Free and Reduced Lunch Program
The National School Lunch Program (NSLP) is a federally assisted meal program operating in public and nonprofit private schools and residential child care institutions. It provides nutritionally balanced, low-cost or free lunches to children each school day.
For detailed information, eligibility requirements, or to print an application, click on this link: 
Free and Reduced Lunch Application
You may submitted your application at the front desk during normal office hours.
Check out our new school menus online!
We’re implementing recommendations from our community, including our student wellness committee and nutritional services department, to put more information in our school lunch/breakfast menus and make them easier to access from anywhere!
We are proud to announce some exciting updates to our menus.  Here’s what’s new:
• More information about each food, including a photo and description with complete nutritional information on each item
• Daily and weekly carbohydrate counts
• English and Spanish translation options
• A new menus website: 
http://lewispalmer.nutrislice.com
• A mobile website: 
http://lewispalmer.nutrislice.com/mobile
• A customer feedback feature to rate food and send comments
• A printable menu that can also be saved as a .PDF file
We’ve been working hard to get the new site up and running. We’ve updated our menus and are serving some tasty new foods as well as the student favorites. We hope you’ll check out our new menus and let us know what you think!
Always happy to serve our students,
Lewis-Palmer School District Nutrition Department
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login