Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Philosophy
What Kind of School is Monument Academy?
It is the philosophy of Monument Academy that all students benefit from a challenging, content-rich, educational program that builds academic potential and personal character. The school provides an environment that fosters academic excellence through the habits of thoroughness, the willingness to work, and the perseverance to complete difficult tasks. Through a defined traditional, culturally-literate and classically based curriculum students are prepared to become active, responsible citizens.
Monument Academy is a back-to-basics school
Students learn to read, to write, to do arithmetic. They memorize poems and multiplication tables and elements on the periodic chart. The students have homework: every student, every day. The backpacks are not just for show. The students learn to diagram sentences. They punctuate. Spelling counts. “A” is for mastery, not for effort. The student soon learns there is no mastery without effort and no genuine effort without real reward.
Monument Academy is a culturally literate school
We teach cultural literacy. There are many, many things anyone living in this country and in the larger world needs to know. Absent this knowledge, the individual is culturally illiterate and intellectually deprived. Armed with this knowledge, the young man or woman easily enters into worlds of meaning lost on the uninformed spectator possessed of the bare skill. At MA, skills act as the servants; content is king.
Monument Academy is a character-building school
We hold to the self-evident truth known to the ancients and to the Founding Fathers that virtue is the well-charted but too-little travelled road to true happiness. And we do mean virtue, not post-modern “values,” a term that implies “whatever I do, whatever my unruly passions and appetites urge on me, is okay; so don’t judge me!” There are right and wrong answers in human living no less clear than the simplest addition problem. We abandon or try to cheat these moral answers at our own peril and to the despair of those around us, especially those we care about. The right answers in every human life are to be attained through the practice of the virtues. Those virtues, sources of our moral excellence, consist in the bold ancient virtues— temperance, courage, justice, prudence—as well as the softer virtues, both ancient and modern—honesty, politeness, gratitude—that weave the noble tapestry of the “unbought grace of life.” Students at MA acquire the virtues through the Character First Program. They further study the virtues in the great stories, real and imaginary, that comprise the human pageant. In time, they read the philosophic truth of Socrates:
For I go around doing nothing but persuading both young and old among you not to care for your body or your wealth in preference to or as strongly as for the best possible state of your soul, as I say to you: “Wealth does not bring about virtue, but virtue makes wealth and everything else good for men . . .
Character pervades the curriculum. Character—not magic—is the source of Cinderella’s reward. Character—in the form of industry—leads Franklin to discover and to invent.
Character—as we are told through the story of the Ring of Gyges—points to “the actions of a man if he knew he would never be found out” (Macaulay). Character is the
hard currency—as Washington showed—with which heroism (or simply goodness) is gained and nations are made. At MA it is not our design to make students behave grudgingly and only when a teacher is in the room. Our sole concern is not just to keep them from cheating on tests. True, we insist upon discussion in the classroom, decorum in the halls. Yet our greater hope is that young people will do the good for the best reason of all: because they love it.
Monument Academy is a classical school
The ancients created a blueprint of a political, cultural, and moral order—aiming at justice—from which Western civilization has been built. In their own education the Founding Fathers of this nation mastered that classical blueprint and from it, with important additions of their own, built the American nation. We shall never truly understand the monument unless we examine the blueprint and the subsequent building of the structure. To understand the West and America, we, too, must go back to the sources. Ad fontes! as the men of the Renaissance said. Back to the sources of the good, and the beautiful, and the true. Accordingly, students at MA spend a lot of time with the past, particularly the classical past, the histories and literature of Greece and Rome, in order better to know our own heritage, in order to know not only what “mistakes to avoid” but what excellencies to pursue, cherish, and reward.
Monument Academy is a school in English and in other languages
Classical education demands the critical study of language: one’s own and others. Aristotle said that man is the being that possesses the power of language. Human beings come together in society in order to share their thoughts, through language, on the just and the unjust. The eighth-grade girl who expresses pleasure or displeasure at another girl’s dress and make-up, the teenage boy who argues with other boys about who was the greatest quarterback or rock-guitarist of all time: both of these young people are doing what their nature impels them to do. However immaturely or un-philosophically, they are appealing to a standard of the good or the beautiful and trying, in accordance with that standard, to give each person his or her due. They are natural orderers of the world around them. In order to make proper and just determinations and allocations of the standards of the good and the beautiful, we must thoroughly know language through which such decisions are made. Human beings think and act and love and judge and hope and plan through language. They must be very wise, accurate, and just, therefore, in the way they use their language.
We get to know a person better by meeting his parents and his siblings. It is simply
uncanny how children resemble their parents and how different children in a family may
“take after” one parent more than another, in looks and in behavior, yet all have
common qualities. Just so, we come to know our native English better by introducing
ourselves to the family of European languages. The words we use in our everyday
speech have long histories, and knowing those histories, often involving multiple
languages, equips us with a greater command over those words. Intensive study of the
grammar of our languages instructs us in how to order those words into clear
sentences, the basic units of thought. The more complex the sentence we learn to
handle, the more complex the thought we can express. For no small reason did the
Greek word logos (as in logic, dialogue) mean both speech and reason. The one is
useless without the other.
The patriarch (from the Latin pater for father and the Greek arkhos for ruler) of the
European languages is Latin, the matriarch Greek. The child of his classical parents,
English has many brothers and sisters (resembling the German Brüder and Schwester),
not to mention cousins (from the French cousin) and other relations. Accordingly, we
have students study Latin intensively, many Greek roots, and encourage them in
modern languages. From kindergarten through eighth grade MA teaches the English
language intensively, analytically, daily. We agree with Churchill in that, “the essential
structure of the ordinary [English] sentence . . . is a noble thing.” We view with distress
that many children and adults these days, in their halting literacy, seem strangers,
indeed orphans, in their own native tongue. MA students are taught to be caretakers of
the English language, and therefore of reason, by deploying it with greater precision
and wisdom, with greater clarity and depth.
Monument Academy is a great books school
Using the power of language, the best thinkers and writers of the Western tradition have unveiled their visions of the world and of man by rendering them into this curious invention called a book. A first glance at a book on the shelf or a coffee table would have us consider it a small, harmless, or unimportant thing. And yet behind the great revolutions, the great reforms, the great beliefs and wars and aspirations of our civilization there is almost always a book, goading men and women on to be the best (and sometimes the worst) that they can be, or sometimes just to understand themselves. Because human beings think, because they think through language, because great thinkers have permanent lessons to teach humanity, because humanity—even in its darkest moments—wants to know, books have become the common reservoir for saving, passing on, and replenishing our collective wisdom about the human condition. Young people, despite whatever popular culture tells us about the state of their souls, ardently want to know who they are and what their purposes are in life. Their souls are ripe for the reading of books.
The books MA teaches in its classes might be called “the great books” of the Western
tradition, or as Matthew Arnold put it, “the best that has been thought and said.” These
are the books that have been etched into the permanent memory of man. Even in a
“post-literate age,” as some people are branding the present, we retain a faint glimmer
in our minds of a man named Crusoe who spent years alone on an island; of a couple
called Adam and Eve who fell from grace in a Garden; of a hero with the strange name
Achilles whose presence or absence in battle determined the fates of armies and
peoples; of a boy known as “Huck” who floated down the Mississippi and in so doing
found his own, and another’s, humanity.
At MA we do not read these books in a rush or in snippets, as some schools do:
in one week The Iliad, the next week The Odyssey, then on to The Canterbury Tales. In
our way of thinking, such a superficial “covering” of the material does no justice to the
books, to the characters and themes within the books, to the human condition those
books attempt to illuminate, and consequently to the students’ own capacity for
thought. Of course, there is never enough time to read and discuss thoroughly
everything we want to; some compromises must occasionally be made; but on the
whole our approach in reading the great books is to immerse ourselves fully in the lives
of the characters as though they were living beings, as though we were living with
them and having to make their choices and take their stands. To this end, the typical
means of reading books employed in most schools, whether plot summaries (rising
action, climax, falling action) or historicized and biographical reductionism (Poe was a
drunk; no wonder his writing was so weird) are not the means we employ. Our
overarching question is, “What does it mean to be human?”
Monument Academy is a school of civilization
The great books of the Western canon are not the only books, or only kind of material, we read. Not everything human beings have done noteworthy and good has made it into a book, at least not one having the literary merit of a Paradise Lost or a Henry V. To support, defend, and make possible the great ideas of the Western experience, men and women—a few extraordinary, others quite ordinary— have had to sweat, fight, invent, and struggle. They have had to learn to live together in a way worthy of human beings: human beings who we are told in the Bible are made “in the image of God,” and who, according to Aristotle, are born to live in a political order. They—we—have had to create law (or discover it) and to defend that law against threats of hostile invasion and internal chaos. They—we—have not always prevailed, over our external threats or the enemy within. But we can never do so unless we try.
The great task of challenge of living in a way worthy of human beings, of pursuing not
just mere life, but the good life, we call civilization. The study of civilization is arguably
the most important young people can embark upon. It is so because each new
generation inherits the patrimony of their parents and grandparents: their own personal
legacy, such as it may be, but in a larger sense the ideas, manners, laws, arts,
institutions, habits, aims and aspirations, and basic common sense or prudence that
make life good. As with any inheritance, the inheritors can substantially increase it, just
save it, or squander it entirely. Their shepherding of the patrimony depends upon their
knowledge and their virtues.
MA instructs students in the knowledge needed to preserve human civilization and to
make it flourish. To the extent it can, the school also trains students in the virtues, as
we have said. The arts of civilization are at once high and complex arts, and yet at the
same time often simple, common-sense observances such as living by the Golden Rule
or gentlemen opening doors for ladies. MA teaches these arts of civilization through
classes in economics, moral philosophy, and, above all, Western Civilization. Ridgeview
eschews the tepid term social studies as being non-committal, directionless, and lacking
in all spirit and life. Students come to understand and grapple with their own
inheritance by carefully reading and vigorously discussing the words and deeds of men
and women in the past. Original sources are almost always preferred to secondary
textbooks. Our emphasis on civilization causes us to expand Arnold’s maxim to read,
“the best that has been thought and said and done and discovered.”
Monument Academy is a school for the sciences
Our students spend a lot of time reading one tremendously great and beautiful and mysterious book that does not fit neatly between two cardboard covers. We mean the “book of nature.” The purpose of education is for human beings to discover and understand the world. That means the human world and also the physical world around them. Indeed, MA’s pursuit of knowledge requires serious attention to be given to the sciences and to math. The first and perhaps most obvious is that the traditions of both the ancients and the Founding Fathers held that human reason compels thinking people to explore and to explain the order of the universe. Aristotle was a scientist as much as an ethicist or political philosopher. Greek civilization gave us Euclid as well as Euripides. The awe-inspiring art of Michelangelo drew upon a re-discovery of Galen and of the human form and coincided with the birth of modern medical faculties. A compelling case could be made that the greatest American achievement—our Constitution—would not have been written had the eighteenth century not been immersed in the physics and astronomy of Newton.
A more-than-historical and more-than-pedagogical reason, though, impels us to teach
our students the sciences and mathematics with energy and rigor. Even as we
Americans live in a great age of science and discovery, our people become increasingly
scientifically and mathematically illiterate, the number of native-born citizens doing
graduate work in the sciences continues to diminish, and the complex moral problems
arising from novel technologies (such as cloning) challenge us to think about the very
nature of the human being even as we strive to make man’s physical existence
healthier and more pleasant.
MA eschews the common textbook, recipe-following method of teaching math and
science found in most public schools today. Instead, we teach the real “math” behind
the mathematics and the real “science” behind physics, biology, and chemistry. In other
words, our students—who must absolutely master their math and science facts—
cultivate mathematical and scientific minds by learning the why behind the what.
Newton’s and Boyle’s laws did not drop from the heavens, nor did Pythagoras’s theorem
pop out of a textbook. Rather, the means of understanding an ordered universe
resulted from these thinkers’ painstaking observation and reasoning about the world
before their very eyes. Science is not a thing that sits lifeless in a bulky textbook but a
habit of mind often called the “scientific method.” This method of reasoning, not
individual bits of technology themselves, has ushered in over the last four centuries
what we generally call “progress.” If the habit of mind is lost, so will be progress. The
intense interest our students cultivate in the human condition through the study of
history, literature, and allied subjects, then, is no less manifest in our inquiry into the
beauties of nature and of numerical relations.
Monument Academy is a school for the arts
Students at MA pursue not only the good and the true. They strive for the beautiful. Every human being is endowed with an aesthetic sense no less than a moral one. This sense intuitively understands order, harmony, and proportion.
The most tone-deaf person will wince at a sour note. The least imaginative and artistic
will be struck by a beautiful sunset over a rolling landscape or a wide ocean. Like the
moral sense, the sense of beauty must be trained to act in its fullest capacity. If it is not
trained, it remains mere untutored potential, longing for something good but little able
to love or effect it.
The primary means by which human beings cultivate the beautiful is through the arts.
At MA, the arts are taught through music and “art”: painting and drawing, but also the
appreciation of sculpture and, to a lesser extent, architecture. In keeping with the way
of liberal education, the school teaches music and art largely though the works of the
best masters: Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Raphael, Michelangelo, Monet. At the same
time, the arts require an intensive study of technique, both to appreciate the great
works and to try to make or perform art on one’s own.
The great advantage the arts have over other disciplines is their exacting demands
of performance, indeed public performance. It is not true that other disciplines do not
have their performances: the student of rhetoric must speak, science students must
experiment, everyone in math class must “do math.” Indeed, the whole purpose of
classical education is to produce actors, as both men and citizens. Yet such
“performances” are few, private, or remote from our present tasks. The singer, player,
or painter performs chiefly for the discriminating view of others. He or she must get it
right: every note, every pitch, every brushstroke. No one says of a concert as he would
of a written test: that’s great job, they got every note but one! Public performance
demands perfection. Practice, rehearsal, the difficult measure gone over again and
again until it is right is the necessary effort to attain that perfection. Thus the arts—in
striving for the beautiful—employ the trained senses, the power of habit, and the best
use of human pride to overcome one of the worst barriers to human excellence:
complacency, the handmaiden of sloth.
It is no accident that Plato required his young guardian to study music as well as math.
A rigorous training in the beautiful is, or should be, a refinement of taste and an
opening of the heart to the wonders of a more-than-material world.
Monument Academy is a Socratic school
The public-school establishment has for more than half a century abandoned what it refers to offhand as “content,” that is, the very marrow and life of what the schools used to impart to young people, in pursuit of their chimera of method. The mythology of the educrats holds that the naturally creative, abundantly fecund, and unfailingly thought-seeking minds of children were stifled under the regimented regime of the cudgel-wielding, order-obsessed, drill-or-die grammar Gestapo. Their little minds had to be freed from the chains of memorization, right and wrong answers, knowing basic facts, the mastery of certain events, concepts, and books, all of which was dismissed with great contempt as “mere rote learning.” Leaving the Inferno of desks fixed in rows faced towards chalkboard, map, and a teacher who insisted on correct spelling, pronunciation, and enunciation, the children ascended into the Paradisio of the open classroom in which children flitted about from station to station, rapturously taking to whatever project their untrammeled minds felt like embarking on that day, whether writing their own poetry or adopting their own Constitution or building their own Eiffel Tower. There was only one problem with the
great and ingenious scheme of the “Progressive” educators. A couple of decades after
its full adoption the students were virtually illiterate.
Nonetheless, in the upside-down world of public education, the authors of children’s
illiteracy claim that they do in fact have content but charge that the rote memorizers
have no method, at least not one that keeps from destroying the child’s fragile psyche
and will to interact with the all-important society of peers. All this, of course, is claptrap.
Classical education, liberal education, has a method of teaching developed and honed
for over two thousand years in the West. In the first instance it holds that before a
person can think, he must have something to think about. That something is a fact:
Adam named the animals first, not thought “critically” about them. Without knowing the
things around us, the things that brought us here, the words and structure of language
through which we express these things—animals, plants, elements, rivers, cities,
Presidents, poems, nouns, verbs, adjectives—we cannot think at all. The greatest
genius of the age, in learning a foreign tongue, would still have to begin with the
rudiments of the language. For a young mind to become ready for thought it must
pursue a massive importation and organization of basic facts: the bricks for building the
edifice. To this end, learning in the early grades, what some call the “grammar stage,”
consists largely in mastering facts and strengthening the power of the mighty memory
to recall these facts on demand.
There is a second truth about the human mind that traditional teachers bring to bear on
the subjects at hand. This truth is that the mind is inquisitive. Human beings are the
only creatures that want to know things. The so-called progressives took this feature of
man to mean that teachers were hardly necessary, that children would drift into
learning without much effort on anyone’s part. They did not understand the other
limitations of our nature: sloth, complacency, anarchy of appetite and passion. Our
inquisitiveness means that our reasoning faculties can be led (when first prepared with
the rudiments) by the appropriate questions well-stated. While the rudimentary bricks
build up the structure, the questions of how, when, and why usher us into the cathedral
of understanding. Liberal education is thus both fact-based and question-based. These
two are not antithetical but inseparable.
We call this method of questioning Socratic after the founder of Western philosophy. He
was by no means the only important teacher in our history to use questions to pursue a
truth or bring home a point. (“What does it profit a man to gain the whole world and
lose his own soul?” “For if you love those who love you, what reward have you? Do not
even the publicans do the same?”) The Socratic method should not be thought of as a
random, rambling chatter between teacher and kids without direction or insight, nor as
a means of taking responsibility from teachers for teaching, nor yet as a fumbling way
to get students to participate in class. Rather it is a carefully constructed pattern of
questions developed by a knowledgeable and hard-working teacher to bring students’
reason to the very heart of the matter. To the uninstructed or uninitiated observer, a
Socratic discussion appears easy or looks as though the teacher is not doing much of
the work. To the better versed in the ways of learning it appears as true dialogue, in
the highest sense of that term.
Now insofar as every discipline is both fact-based and question-based, insofar as each
discipline may require more or less of one or the other, in keeping with the idea that
the individual styles and personalities of teachers must play into the mix, and because
there are different grade levels and degrees of understanding even from class to class,
there is no exact recipe for how much time should be spent in going over facts and how
much in teachers asking questions and students giving answers (or vice versa).
Nonetheless, the class should almost always have a clear question on the table, so to
speak. The young mind without an important question before it soon becomes a
wandering or a sleepy or a bored mind. And these are not the kinds of minds we want
at MA.
The young mind well trained in the Socratic Method applied to the best that has been
thought and said and done and discovered becomes a formidable inquirer into the
world, both physical and human. The comment we have heard again and again from
parents of students of every age is that their family conversations have improved, that
their children have amazed them on trips to museums and historical sites that they find
their kids even over the summer always reading. This phenomenon is more than the
claptrap about life-long learning we hear from the educrats. The human mind rigorously
trained in the arts and sciences that demands to be engaged with the world is a force
to be admired. When combined with a steady character, it is a force for good.
Monument Academy is an American school
The Founding Fathers of this nation held that schools should prepare young people for civic life and their civic responsibilities. Likewise, the ancients designed education for participation in the civic life of the polis or the republic. Indeed, the word republic itself comes from two Latin words, res publica, meaning “the public thing.” When at the close of the Constitutional Convention Benjamin Franklin was asked what kind of government the men now known as the Framers had given the country, he famously replied, “A republic, if you can keep it.” The Founding Fathers knew that a republican frame of government requires an informed citizenry educated in the public things. To this end, public schools used to teach “civics,” a series of courses throughout the primary and secondary grades whose purpose was to teach young people the history and theory of their constitutional order, an achievement that, however much influenced by ancient experience and thought, was unique at the time of the Founding and remains a model of self-government today.
We regret two related trends in modern education: the shocking ignorance among our
young people today regarding the American tradition of self-government on the one
hand and the hostility towards civics education as being somehow a form of
“indoctrination” reminiscent of Nazism and thereby undermining a greater world
harmony on the other. The two trends have to be related because only someone wholly
ignorant of the sacrifices made by the men who stormed the beaches at Normandy,
who raised the flag at Iwo Jima, who later formed and executed the Marshall Plan, and
who for almost half a century, in a war that was not entirely ‘cold,’ checked the
oppressive grip of communist totalitarianism, could say something so utterly foolish as
that a proper American civics education is either fascistic or narrowly Anglo-centric.
MA unapologetically embraces a thorough immersion in American government, history,
literature, and arts, as well as the related discipline of economics, which vindicates the
Founding Fathers’ understanding of human nature, of civil society, and of the capacity
of the individual following his own conscience under the rule of law. So important is the
civic-minded mission of MA that another way of thinking about our enterprise is as “an
education worthy of the Founding Fathers,” both the education they had in their youth
and the education they recommended for “generations yet unborn.” In other words, we
are in the business of keeping our Republic, not forgetting it or bashing it. Such is the
proper and necessary role of public education in a nation with a government of the
people, by the people, for the people.
Such a purpose does not deny the integrity and importance of other nations. As stated
succinctly by E. D. Hirsch, an educational pioneer who describes himself as a man of
the “Old Left”: “We don’t live in France or China. It is a duty of American schools to
educate competent American citizens.” Nor does it claim that this nation has always
done right in every moment of its history. Rather, any true study of civics begins with
the clear aims of the American regime, stated time and again by the Founders, but
most memorably as,
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life,
Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.—That to secure these rights, Governments are
instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,—
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the
Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its
foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall
seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
The Founding Fathers created a clear standard by which the “American experiment” is
to be judged. When Americans have lived up to this high aim, they have flourished.
When they have departed from it, they have done so to their own detriment. Through
the clear lens of the Declaration we both study American history and learn to govern
ourselves.
Monument Academy is a school that works
By adhering to the foregoing aims of education, often in the face of virulent and public criticism, MA has flourished since its inception and has each year built upon its strong tradition of sound learning. There are many ways of proving the school’s success. The most common way, the only one the broader public has much interest or ability in undertaking, is by looking at our test scores. Yet the public may not realize that MA is a school that emphatically does not teach to the test.
We should remember that standardized testing is only one, and not the most important,
measure of the school’s flourishing. The place to come to grips with MA’s unique aims
and methods is in the classroom. Far from having something to hide, we open our
doors and our classrooms to prospective students, their parents, reporters, and any
school that might find profit from observing our education. What these observers say is
usually a good indication of what we labor to achieve: “the kids are so well-behaved,”
“the kids know so much,” “the teacher really knew his stuff,” “how do you find teachers
like that?” and, our favorite, “this is the kind of education I wish I would have had in
school.”
Real learning takes place in the Monument Academy classrooms because the entire
school is built on the principle that education is simply the basic interaction among
teacher, text, and student. To this end, the school adheres to Churchill’s basic tenet.
When visiting the White House during the war and asked what sort of Scotch he would
like, the witty Prime Minister of Britain replied, “I shall be satisfied with the very best.”
Thus is MA satisfied: by having the very best teachers, the very best books, and the
very best efforts of its students. In no other way can it be satisfied.
MA is a traditional education for modern times
What Monument Academy does is counter-intuitive. Rooting ourselves firmly in the learning of the past we prepare ourselves for the future. In a world that constantly chatters about the speed of information, we slow down to read long books carefully, to open our minds to stories that take a good while to tell, to labor over problems that a modern calculator could solve in a microsecond, to love things of permanent and transcendent beauty, and, when necessary, to reinvent the wheel. We make no apologies. We are not antiquaries and do not consider ourselves quaint. We are in the business of forming minds, not programming machines. We are committed to strengthening souls, not gaming a system. Join us.
Download full Philosophy PDF
(Dr. T.O. Moore, 2001. Used with permission)
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login