Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Board Overview
MONUMENT ACADEMY BOARD: MA
 is governed by a six-member Board that is elected by the parents of MA students and staff. The Board members volunteer their time and serve without compensation.  The Board bears ultimate responsibility for oversight of the school.
THE ADMINISTRATION: The day-to-day operations of MA are managed by a staff of professional administrators who report to the Board through the Executive Director of the school.
SCOPE OF BOARD DECISIONS AND ADMINISTRATIVE DECISIONS: During the early years of the school, many detailed, hands-on decisions were handled directly by the Board. However, as the school grows and matures, the Board is becoming more focused on governance issues and matters related to the mission, strategy, and leadership of the school. The administration, under the leadership of the school’s Executive Director, is focused on the operation and administration of the school. Matters should be brought to the attention of the Board with this allocation of decision-making and responsibilities in mind.
PUBLIC MEETINGS: Generally, all meetings of the Board meetings are open to the public where everyone is welcome and encouraged to attend. Board meetings, by Colorado statute, are held in public in order for the community of parents, students, staff, and other interested parties may observe the proceedings, discussions and decisions.
PUBLIC COMMENT/PARTICIPATION IN MEETINGS: Board meetings are generally a time for the Board to conduct official business and hear from the Executive Director, Principal and other staff representatives on selected topics. Colorado law prohibits the Board from discussing public business other than during public meetings or executive sessions. Board Policy 1520 allows for a comment period at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Parents, staff and students are afforded the opportunity to address any matters of importance.  Since Board meetings are intended to provide a time for interaction between Board members and administration in an effort to reach decisions on a wide variety of issues, with rare exception, comments will be heard, noted and may be referred to the Executive Director or scheduled to be discussed in detail at a later Board meeting.
OTHER VENUES FOR IDEAS AND SUGGESTIONS: Some of the best new ideas and suggestions come from our parents and staff. Theses ideas and suggestions are often best handled by contacting the Executive Director, Principal or the appropriate administrator (Dean of Students, Director of Finance, etc.). In addition, there are a number of other venues where interested individuals are encouraged to bring forth ideas and suggestions. These include, but are not limited to, the Parent Teacher Organization (PTO), Coffee with the Principal, scheduled parent meetings, or any of the Board Committees.  Administration will help organize suggestions to be presented to the Board, if appropriate, for their consideration and discussion.
EXECUTIVE SESSIONS: While the law requires that most Board meetings be open to the public, the Board may meet in a private, “executive” session to consider the following types of matters: (i) purchase or sale of real estate; (ii) conferences with an attorney for the purpose of receiving legal advice; (iii) matters required to be kept confidential by federal or state laws or regulations; (iv) specialized details of security arrangements or investigations; (v) determination of positions relative to contract negotiations; (vi) personnel matters; (vii) consideration of documents protected by the Open Records Act; and (viii) discussion of most individual student matters. Some executive sessions will involve only the Board, while others may also include senior administration representatives and other individuals who are involved in the matter to be discussed. Generally, the Board will adjourn to executive session following the regular public session.  By law, the Board can not take action while in Executive Session but will reconvein back to an open meeting in order to take such action.
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login