Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Elementary Directory
Joy Maddox
Kindergarten Lead Teacher (Full Day Class)
Email
Phone Ext: 1202
Deborah Hulting
Kindergarten Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1502
Deborah Hulting is a native of Baltimore, Maryland.  She spent ten years in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, before returning to Maryland for college.  She graduated with a B.A. in Elementary Education from Loyola University of Maryland in 1994.  Her graduate work includes Special Education, Reading, and Science Education from Loyola, Towson, and University of Maryland.  She taught fourth and second grade levels in the Baltimore County School District for eight years prior to staying home full time to start a family in 2002.  Deborah returned to teaching as a Substitute Teacher and Young Rembrandts Art teacher for two years, then began teaching Kindergarten in 2016 at Monument Academy.  She has been a parent and volunteer at MA since 2007, and has enjoyed seeing all the changes and growth in this wonderful school over the years.  Her outside interests include watching her three children play lacrosse, hiking, biking, and sewing.  Deborah has a heart for teaching and nurturing her students.  She dedicates herself to getting to know students’ strengths and interests, in order to build a confident learner in each one of them.
Vanessa Miller
Kindergarten Teacher (Full Day Class)
Email
Phone Ext: 1201
Mrs. Miller is a graduate of Regis University and has several years of experience working with and teaching children.  She has been teaching Kindergarten at Monument Academy since 2013 and has three children who also attend the school. Prior to teaching, Mrs. Miller has spent time in the technology industry working for MCI and EDS.  A Colorado native and daughter of a military family Vanessa has spent time all over the world but considers Colorado home.  Outside of teaching, Mrs. Miller enjoys camping, fly fishing, skiing and spending time with her family.  Mrs. Miller’s goal as a teacher is to create a safe and warm environment in which your children will want to learn, discover, grow, laugh, and enjoy themselves.
Michelle Rahalewich
Kindergarten Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1203
Michelle Rahalewich grew up in St. Louis, MO.  She earned a Master’s Degree in Elementary Education with a specialty in early childhood education.  She began her teaching career in second grade in MO. Mrs. Rahalewich then moved to San Diego, CA where she continued to teach preschool and Kindergarten.  Another move brought her to Colorado Springs, CO where she taught first grade, third grade, and Kindergarten.  She also privately tutored children preschool through sixth grade after school and during the summers.  Michelle Rahalewich began teaching at Monument Academy in 2016.  Mrs. Rahalewich spends her free time at the gym participating in weight lifting and martial arts classes as well as Pilates.  She also enjoys spending time with her husband and daughter.
Sandy Ward
Kindergarten Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1205
Sandy Ward was born in New Orleans, LA and spent most of her childhood years living in Marble Falls, TX. She graduated with her Bachelor’s Degree in Human Development and Family Studies in 1996 from Texas Tech University. Sandy has been married to her college sweetheart, Eric Ward for nineteen years. Eric and Sandy moved to Colorado Springs in 1996. Their children, Megan, Ethan, and Zachary, have all attended Monument Academy since kindergarten. Sandy worked in the IT industry for ten years before she decided to stay at home with her children for a season. She began volunteering at Monument Academy when her daughter began kindergarten in 2004. Over the past eleven years, Sandy has spent many hours serving Monument Academy as a parent volunteer, room mom, PTO Treasurer, Special Education Paraprofessional, Grade Level Paraprofessional, Grade Level Teacher, and currently as the Lead Fifth Grade Teacher. During this time at Monument Academy, Sandy attended courses through the University of Northern Colorado and graduated with her Master’s Degree of Science with an emphasis in Elementary Education in 2012. Sandy is truly passionate about teaching and enjoys celebrating “light bulb” moments with all of her students. In her free-time, Sandy enjoys watching her children play competitive soccer, camping and hiking throughout our beautiful state.
Mia Phillips
Kindergarten Music and Art Teacher, Character Teacher
Email
Kara Moore
Kindergarten Para
Email
Jodie Neher
Kindergarten Para
Email
Lori Smith
Kindergarten Para
Email
Willa Pendleton
First Grade Lead Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1213
Willa Pendleton was born in Topeka, Kansas at Scott Force Base and has lived in Washington, New Mexico, Illinois, and Colorado.  She received her Bachelor’s Degree in Elementary Education from the University of Northern Colorado with a minor in Sociology.  Her graduate work focuses on Curriculum and Instruction and Reading.
She initially taught 1st and 2nd grade then spent a few years homeschooling and raising her four children. Three of them later entered the private Christian school that she and her husband established. During her time in Illinois and Colorado she was the Director of Pre-school and Elementary programs and organized and directed Children’s musicals.  She was also a Director and teacher of Women’s study groups.  She has taken numerous trips overseas, with her husband, to Europe, Asia, India, and South America visiting and teaching in training schools.
Willa has been teaching 1st grade at Monument Academy since 2003.  She loves helping her students develop their skills, become good readers, and enjoy learning. She enjoys decorating, gardening, baking, and spending time with family, as well as enjoying the wonderful mountains of Colorado.
Laura Barrette
First Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1209
Kim Cavanagh
1st Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1211
Tammy Trego
First Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1207
Mrs. Trego was born and raised in South Dakota. Teaching is in her blood since both her mother and grandmother were teachers. She received a double major in elementary and special education from Black Hills State University. She received her Master’s Degree in School Administration from the University of Phoenix. She has taught many years in grades one through three,  been an assistant principal, and is Montessori certified.  Mrs. Trego began teaching at Monument Academy in 2016. She is married and has two children at Baylor University. Both of her children attended Monument Academy. When Mrs. Trego isn’t teaching, she enjoys gardening, antiquing, traveling, and reading!
Christa Beringer
First Grade Para
Email
Danielle Klein
First Grade Para
Email
Kelly Sigfrids
Second Grade Lead Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1217
Kelly is an old face around Monument Academy. She has served on the PTO board in the roles of fundraising coordinator, vice-president and president. She has also volunteered in her kids’ classes in Preschool, Pre-K, Kindergarten, First grade, Second grade, and Third grade. She has worked at Monument Academy as a para for the Third grade, Pre-K, and student taught in Fourth grade. She has been teaching Second grade since 2013. She is married and has two boys that attend Monument Academy. She has lived in Colorado since 2000.
Kelly went to school in St. Louis, MO at Missouri Baptist University and has a B.A. in Religious Education and a Minor in Sociology and Psychology. She also has Master’s Degree in Elementary Education from UNC Greeley. In her spare time, she enjoys spending time with family, sewing, reading, biking and just basking in the sun!
Kelli Beerer
Second Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1221
Kelli Beerer was born in Camarillo, California. She graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree from the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs in 2012 with a major in Geography and Environmental Studies. After college, Kelli worked at AAA as a bodily injury adjuster until 2016. Kelli earned a Master’s Degree in Elementary Education from the University of Northern Colorado, Greeley in 2017. Kelli has been a resident of Colorado since 1992 and has taught at Monument Academy since the 2016-2017 school year. She enjoys snowboarding, hiking, and fishing with her family.
 Tel: 
x1221
Krystina DiFabio
Second Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1223
Krystina DiFabio has lived in Colorado Springs almost all of her life.  She received her elementary education degree and Masters degree in gifted education from the University of Northern Colorado in 2010 and 2017, respectively.  She began teaching second grade at Monument Academy in 2012, was elementary yearbook coordinator until 2017, and became gifted and talented assistant in 2015.  Krystina became the gifted and talented coordinator in 2017.  When she is not teaching, Krystina loves to read, watch movies, travel, and spoil her niece and nephew.  She hopes to one day teach in Europe.
Kyle Hall
Second Grade Teacher 
email
Phone Ext: 1219
Mrs. Kyle Hall was born in Dallas, and grew up in Los Gatos, California. She majored in Music and minored in French while attending Pepperdine University and Texas Christian University, graduating from TCU. Mrs. Hall continued in post grad classes to earn her Colorado teaching license. Mr. and Mrs. Hall were married in 1982 and have two beautiful daughters, Jennie and Sarah, who are married and have blessed the family with six wonderful grandchildren. Mrs. Hall has taught in Colorado charter schools since 1997: 10 years in 3rd grade, 2 years in 2nd grade, 7 years in 1st grade, and 1 year in kindergarten!  In 2016, Mrs. Hall started teaching 2ndgrade at Monument Academy.  In addition to teaching, she is a musician, having performed and recorded playing the harp, piano, and guitar, and singing, for just about her whole life. She loves to bring music into the classroom as part of learning fun, in addition to lots of movement. Mrs. Hall especially loves getting to know and love each of her students and families. When Mrs. Hall isn’t teaching children, she really enjoys spending time with her family, playing, singing, walking, hiking, reading, and traveling.  Mrs. Hall has traveled to Japan, Taiwan, Germany, and France.  She hopes to travel to Europe again and again in the future!
Lindsey Lokowich
2nd Grade Para
Email
Brittany Kawakami
Third Grade Lead Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1103
Brittany Kawakami was born and raised in Colorado Springs. She received her B.S. in Business at UCCS. She worked for a nonprofit organization for many years. She had an opportunity to move to Thailand and teach for 3 years. This is where she discovered her passion for teaching and encouraging children. She was a third grade para for MA when she moved back to the states. She just completed her second year of teaching 3rd grade at Monument Academy. As of June 27th, 2015, she will have completed her Master’s in Teaching through UNC. Mrs. Kawakami is married and enjoys being outdoors and traveling with her husband.
Britany Blair
﻿﻿Third Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1105
Britany Blair was born and raised in Virginia, the only daughter of a Navy Master Chief. She became a Colorado resident in 2010, and has enjoyed every moment since. Britany received her Bachelor’s Degree in Elementary Education in 2015. Britany completed her student teaching at MA in 2015. She has been with MA ever since. She has always enjoyed working with kids, but finds herself happiest with third graders. Britany loves the students, families, staff and overall atmosphere MA provides on a daily basis. Britany can often be found spending time with her son Owen, trying fun new restaurants in the area, playing with her two Great Danes, or simply relaxing with a good book.
Paula Knepper
Third Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1107
Kim LoBosco
Third Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1101
Carol Thomas
Fourth Grade Lead Teacher
Email
x1113
Carol Thomas was born in CA but moved all over as the daughter of a Navy captain and wife of an Air Force navigator. She received her Bachelor’s Degree in Elementary Education from Virginia Tech. Carol taught 3rd grade for 2 years in the Philippines. After spending time at home with her two sons, she began teaching at Monument Academy in 1996, the first year it opened. She taught 4th and 5th grade for 7 years and then left teaching to spend time at home with her daughter. Carol returned to MA in 2008, back in 4th grade. She loves the families, students, and curriculum at MA. Carol and her family have lived in Monument for 19 years. When she’s not teaching, Carol loves to read, hike, and camp with her family.
Andrea Dickey
Fourth Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1111
Mrs. Dickey has been teaching for 14 years in both Colorado Springs and Monument. She has a B.A. in Psychology from the University of Colorado and a dual teaching license in both Elementary Education and Secondary Science. She has experience teaching kindergarten, fourth grade, and 6th – 8th grade math and science. The 2017-2018 school year will be Mrs. Dickey’s 5th year teaching at MA. She is a Colorado native and enjoys hiking, singing, photography, and spending time with her husband, two daughters, and two dogs.
Marissa Seabolt
Fourth Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1109
Marissa Seabolt was born in West Virginia in 1969. She has lived the majority of her life in Southeastern states including Georgia, Alabama, Florida, and Virginia before moving to Colorado in 2012. You might still catch a bit of a southern accent when she says “hi y’all”. She earned her undergraduate degree from Auburn University where she met her husband. She received her Master’s degree in Education from the University of Montevallo in 1993. After graduate school, she taught kindergarten and 4th grade before having her first child. She was blessed to stay home for 12 years while her 4 children were young before going back to teaching in 2009. She taught 5th and 6th grade in Georgia before coming to Monument Academy in 2013. She is happy to be teaching in a Character First school where she feels her heart and passion for reaching children is best served. She stays busy shuttling her children around to their various activities when she isn’t busy at school! She also enjoys hiking and skiing in the beautiful Colorado terrain with her family and dogs.
Yvette Throgmorton
Fourth Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1115
Yvette Throgmorton started teaching 4th grade at Monument Academy in 2015.   Yvette was born and raised in Northern California.  She moved to Colorado in 1996 on a softball scholarship to play for UCCS.  After marrying her college sweetheart, they moved around with the Army and have lived in GA, TN, and TX.   Yvette graduated from Austin Peay State University with a B.S. in Corporate Communications with a minor in Marketing.  She received her Teaching License EC-6th grade from the state of Texas.  While living in Texas, Yvette taught Kindergarten and First grade.   After staying home with her boys for five years, her family moved back to Colorado and she began teaching Kindergarten again.  Yvette is very honored to be teaching at Monument Academy.  Her passion is to help children grow and develop to their full potential and become lifelong learners. Aside from teaching Yvette enjoys camping, hiking, boating, traveling, and photography.
Sandy Coyne
Fourth Grade Para
Email
Eric Hutto
Fifth Grade Lead Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1123
Eric Hutto graduated from the University of Northern Colorado with a Bachelor’s degree in History and Economics in 2012. After working in the government sector, he decided to go back to school and pursue a teaching career. He started teaching at Monument Academy in 2014 after graduating from the University of Northern Colorado with a Master’s degree in Elementary Education.  Eric was honored to receive the El Paso Teacher of the Year from the VFW in 2015 for his history lessons. In his free time, Eric enjoys hiking, learning, traveling, discovering new craft breweries, and cooking.
Dana Caplinger
Fifth Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1119
Dana Caplinger is a native Coloradan, but spent some of her childhood years living in Fairbanks, Alaska due to her father’s service in the Army. She graduated in 2008 from the University of Colorado with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in English with an emphasis in Elementary Education.
Dana began teaching fifth grade at Monument Academy in 2015, and before that taught both third and fourth grade. In addition to teaching fifth grade, she is also one of the Battle of the Books coaches. Her favorite subjects to teach are History and Reading.
Dana and her husband, Robbie, love to travel, watch hockey, and spend time with their friends and family. Outside the classroom, Dana also enjoys reading, watching movies, shopping, hiking, and playing with her two cats, Izzy and Bella.
Email
Kate Heinz
Fifth Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1112
Mrs. Heinz joined the fifth grade team at Monument Academy in 2016. She has been teaching since 2000, including fourth grade for twelve years, sixth grade outdoor education, and substitute teaching. She graduated from Dordt College with a double major in Elementary Education and Environmental Studies. In 2005, she received a Masters of Organizational Leadership from Chapman University. Mrs. Heinz grew up in Colorado. After living in California for fifteen years, she and her husband moved back to Colorado to be near family.  She enjoys waterskiing, kayaking, reading, and hiking with their dog, Roxy.
Ragan Sasaki
Fifth Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1121
Ragan Sasaki has been teaching since 2007. She graduated from Colorado State University with a Bachelor’s of Science in Human Development and Family Studies. In 2011, she earned her Master’s Degree in Elementary Education and a Colorado Teaching License from Regis University. Ragan was born in Davenport, Iowa. At age 2, she began her travels around the world because her father was an officer in the Army. She has lived in Germany, Illinois, Panama, Maryland, and California. In 1998, her family moved to Colorado Springs. When not teaching, she enjoys shopping, spending time with family and friends, running races and working out, and taking her 11-year-old Goldendoodle (Ichi) on walks.
Rachel McCreedy
Fifth Grade Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1125
Rachel McCreedy was born in England and lived all over the U.S. as part an Air Force family. She received a Bachelors Degree from Franklin College in History with a Psychology minor before moving to Monument in 2013. Rachel has a passion for the outdoors, coffee, reading, and most of all, kids. In 2008 she started working in education first as a Teacher’s aide and volunteer, then as a substitute. She has been teaching at Monument Academy since 2017.
Pam Clifford
5th Grade Para
Email
Alison Prouty
5th Grade Para
Email
Pam Piper
Elementary Art Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1102
Pamela Piper has taught at Monument Academy since 2008. In addition to teaching Art, she has taught preschool, 3rd, and 4th grade. Prior to teaching at Monument Academy, Pam worked as a reading tutor and taught 2nd grade at Copper Creek Elementary School in Tucson, Arizona. Pamela started her teaching career in Jefferson County, Colorado. During a 12-year tenure in Jefferson County, Pam taught at all intermediate grade levels. Pamela graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Elementary Education and a minor in Reading from Adams State College in Alamosa, Colorado. Her passions outside of the classroom include biking, hiking, skiing and anything to do with being creative.
Suzy Benz
Music Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1106
Suzy Benz was born and raised in Pueblo, CO. She loves nature and spending time at her cabin, which her dad built in 1968, in Beulah, CO. Unlike a lot of people, Suzy likes Colorado’s unpredictable weather. “It’s not boring!”
Suzy attended Cottey College, the University of Redlands and graduated with a B.A. in music education from the University of Colorado in 1975. She also did some grad work in Music Therapy at Colorado State University. She taught her first 8 years in District 11 in Colorado Springs.
Suzy has 2 children. After being a “stay at home mom” for years, she went back to work teaching in Douglas County schools, Sunshine Village Preschool, and Family of Christ Preschool. She then taught music for 2 years at a charter school in Widefield, CO. She feels very fortunate to have been hired as the K-5 music teacher at MA which is a much shorter commute. She has taught at MA for 8 years. Over the years she has added 5th grade choir, the elementary Talent Show, MIDI for Kids keyboard program, and piano lessons. Suzy loves teaching at MA because “our students are respectful and have good character.” She also thinks the students at MA are very creative, talented, and lend new ideas to the music program.
Anna Vroom
PE Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1225
Mrs. Anna Vroom comes from Northern Minnesota where she graduated from St. Cloud State University with a Bachelor of Science degree. In 2001, she completed her Master’s degree from Webster University in Kansas City, Missouri. She has been teaching and coaching elementary, middle school and high school students since 1993. Mrs. Vroom has lived and taught in Minnesota, Missouri, Arizona and Colorado. She has lived in Colorado for the last eight years and has officially claimed it as her home. Mrs. Vroom loves Colorado for the change of seasons, and she will never miss a snowfall for it reminds her of home. She has been teaching at Monument Academy since 2009. While at Monument Academy, she has taught in the elementary classroom, coached Odyssey of the Mind, as well as middle school basketball and volleyball and now loves her newest position as elementary physical education teacher.
Elizabeth Weber
Elementary Tech Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1515
Beth was born at Ft. Knox, Kentucky. Her father was a career U.S. Army Officer. She attended schools in the U.S., England, and Germany as a young student.  She graduated from the University of Northern Colorado with a degree in Family and Consumer Sciences Education.  Beth met her husband Steve in Greeley while attending UNC. Steve spent twenty-one years in the U.S. Army, most of his career was spent at SHAPE/NATO in Belgium, sixteen years in fact!  While there, Beth earned her certificate in English as a Second Language, and worked as an English Instructor and the English Language Assessment Coordinator at the SHAPE/NATO Language School. In addition to the incredible career opportunity, beautiful countryside, art, lovely people, and delicious food, Belgium also afforded Beth the opportunity to become quite proficient in conversational French and German. After retiring from the military, Beth and Steve returned home to Colorado Springs and Beth began working for the UNHCR CRESL program, where she coordinated and taught English, Job Skills, American Culture, and GED classes. While working for the Colorado Refugee ESL program, Beth received her teaching authorization from the Colorado Department of Education in Literacy Instruction. Beth went on to accept a position with Colorado Calvert Academy Online as the Blended Learning Teacher. While working for Colorado Calvert Academy Online, now known as Academy Calvert Online, Beth discovered a love for technology, digital art and photography, and online education.  As part of her commitment to her new position, she attended classes and completed coursework, earning certificates in Blended and Online Learning. Beth is passionate about learning and considers herself a lifelong student as well as a career educator. She is honored and excited to be a part of Monument Academy as the Elementary School Technology Teacher and to share her love of technology with her students.
Ruth Novotny
Elementary Spanish Teacher
Email
Rebeca Novotny was born and raised in San Juan, Puerto Rico. She graduated from the University of Central Florida with a degree in Film, Radio and Television.  She is a military spouse and has had the opportunity to live in many places. She was a Spanish teacher at the elementary and high school level  during her stay in Gainesville, Florida. She has a Montessori Preschool Guide Certification and was a Montessori Guide for several years while living in Albuquerque, NM.  She has lived in Monument, CO since 2007. She has taught an adult conversational Spanish course locally since 2012. She enjoys movies, writing, composing, photography, and being creative in general.
Cristin Patterson
Strings / Music Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1110
Cristin Patterson is new to Monument Academy and Monument this year, teaching 4th and 5th grade Strings and Middle School Orchestras. She is a professional musician who has lived in Colorado since she was five years old. She attended Cherry Creek High School in Centennial, and earned a Bachelor of Arts in Music degree from the University of Colorado at Boulder. Cristin has performed in numerous orchestras, chamber music groups, marching bands, and rock bands, across the U.S. and internationally. She has taught private piano, violin, viola, and cello lessons in her home in Highlands Ranch, to students of all ages and abilities, for 19 years. Mrs. Patterson is passionate about keeping the joy of music alive and growing in our homes and schools. She enjoys spending time with her husband, John, and their two children.
Kelly Collier
Librarian
Email
Phone Ext: 1220
Kelly Collier has been the Librarian at Monument Academy since 2009. She is also the National Junior Honor Society Adviser (NJHS) at Monument Academy. Kelly was born and raised in Boulder, Colorado. She graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree from Colorado State University with a major in Speech Communication. After college, Kelly wrote and produced programs for CSU, Ft. Collins Cablevision for several years. She then worked for Denver’s ABC affiliate running Chyron Infinite for the nightly newscasts until 1999. It was during years of volunteering that she discovered her love of working with students and teachers that she pursued a second career as Librarian. When she’s not at school or reading a book, you may find her outside doing activities such as gardening, camping, walking tours or planning the next vacation.
Pam Cassady
Library Assistant
Email
Phone Ext: 1520
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login