Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Monument Academy High School (MAHS) Approved – November 2017 Update
The MA Board of Directors wanted to provide all shareholders with a Monument Academy High School (MAHS) update.
On November 16, 2017, at the 2nd public hearing for Monument Academy’s High School application, the District 38 Board of Education voted by resolution and unanimously approved our application for Monument Academy High School (MAHS).
Monument Academy will now negotiate a revision to our current contract with District 38 as our authorizer to include grades 9-12.  By Colorado statute, this process must be concluded in 90 days.  Once we have agreed to contract terms, MA will begin to acquire the property for the new high school.  Simultaneously, we will begin the process for facility planning which will include a build/design approach.  We have already been working for several months in the background, putting necessary pieces into place to expedite our going forward.
The Board wishes to express its sincere gratitude to our application team.  Dr. Griffin’s leadership was invaluable to MA receiving such a quick approval.  The formal application was submitted on August 29, 2017 – a mere 49 days ago.  Dr. Davis’ academic experience enabled MA to submit an application that received high marks from District 38’s outside reviewers as well as a recommendation from the D38 District Accountability Advisory Committee (DAAC) for approval.
The current Board is in debt to our former board members who over the last several years have put MA on the right strategic course to successfully obtaining approval by casting a vision that was big, bold and student-centered. Also, many thanks to our legal team of Brad Miller and Tim Farmer who worked tirelessly on the application as well as Russ Caldwell, MA’s Bond Counsel who has already made significant inroads towards procuring the needed financing.  Last, but not least, the Board thanks Lis Richard, who before leaving, MA created the academic core of what will become Monument Academy High School.  Please know the out pouring of support from our parents, students and community members all had a part in our success.
Stay tuned, as we will continue to update you on our progress.
On behalf of the Board,
Scott Saunders
President
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login