About Tapestry
History
Board of Trustees
Our School Model
NYS Charter School
Expeditionary Learning School
The Arts and Arts Integration
Dance
Music
Visual Arts
Theatre
Professional Development School
What is a Charter School?
Partnerships
Contact Us
Employment
Academic & Social Programs
K-5 Elementary
K-5 Elementary Program
K-8 Events Calendar
K-8 Faculty & Staff
5/6 Expedition, Fall 2013
K-5 Elementary Library
6-8 Middle School
9-12 High School
High School Program
Clubs & Organizations
Intensives
College Preparation
Honors Extension Program
High School Events Calendar
High School Faculty & Staff
High School Library
Guidance & Support Structures
Special Education
Response to Intervention
Crew & Team Building
Our Code of Character
Student-Led Conferences & Portfolios
Guidance
Health Office
Student Commons
Library
News & Events
Current Events
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Tapestry in the News
Newsletter
Tapestry Expansion Updates
For Families
Powerschool Parent Portal
K-8 Events Calendar
High School Events Calendar
Application Process
Breakfast & Lunch
Teacher & Staff Directory
Administrators
High School
K-8
Staff
Handbooks, Calendars & Other Important Information
K-8 Family Handbook
High School Family Handbook
Summer Reading & Supply Lists
Principal’s Advisory Group (PAG)
Tapestry Community Association (TCA)
Get Involved
Athletics
Select sport below for schedule:
Track & Field
Girls Basketball
Boys Basketball
Squash
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Middle School Club Sports
Forms & Downloads
Support Tapestry
Annual Giving
Sarah Thorp Acton Scholarship Fund
Nick Padilla International Travel Scholarship
Class Fundraisers
Tapestry Merchandise
Advocacy
Alumni
Volunteering
About Tapestry
History
Board of Trustees
Our School Model
NYS Charter School
Expeditionary Learning School
The Arts and Arts Integration
Dance
Music
Visual Arts
Theatre
Professional Development School
What is a Charter School?
Partnerships
Contact Us
Employment
Arts Integration
“The arts are an essential element of education, just like reading, writing, and arithmetic…music, dance, painting, and theater are all keys that unlock profound human understanding and accomplishment.” –William Bennett, Former US Secretary of Education
Active learning is the heart of the Tapestry experience. Tapestry students receive weekly instruction in art, music, dance, physical education and foreign language. In grades K-4, we refer to these areas of study as the ‘Super Subjects’. We recognize these subjects build multiple cognitive, social, physical, and creative skills, as well as enrich the lives and learning of our students and our school community. Art, music, dance, physical education and foreign language connect us to culture, history and community.
While learning about each art form, students also experience cross-curricular learning – meaning that themes, concepts and ideas introduced in the classroom are purposefully integrated into arts instruction. Every ‘expedition’ includes meaningful opportunities for engagement and achievement in the arts.
In addition to the excellent arts instruction students receive from our talented and dedicated staff, Tapestry students also have opportunities to work with guest artists, visit museums/galleries, and attend theatre/dance performances. Our students learn about the rich cultural community they live in and share their experiences with the school community and beyond. Student work in the arts is highlighted throughout the school year in a variety of venues such as: whole school community meetings, open classes, informal performances, and year-end art exhibits.
									Copyright © 2018 
Tapestry Charter School
									65 Great Arrow Avenue, Buffalo, NY 14216
"Expeditionary Learning... this is how kids want to learn."								                                
site by ingenious inc.
view spanish site