Staff Email
IT Help Desk
RCSA Blog
Donate Now
 Please select your page
Home
About Us
About Us
Mission and Vision
History of RCSA
Achievement
Testimonials 
RCSA In Media
RCSA Board of Directors
Employment
FAQ
Contact Us
School Feedback
School Grades
Schools
Schools
Elementary Southside Campus K-5
Middle&High Southside Campus 6-12
Innovation Baymeadows Campus K-8
 Mandarin Campus K-8
Academics
Academics
STEM Education
Curriculum
CMP & Leadership Program
Service Learning
Athletics
Athletics
RCSA Athletics
Volleyball Schedule
Arts and Activities
Academic Teams
District Calendar 17-18
Community
Community
Parent Involvement
Parent Involvement
Home Visits
Parent Events
Parent Volunteers
Community Speakers Series
Partners In Education (PIE) Program
Partners In Education (PIE) Program
Partners In Education
Business
Community
Becoming a Partner 
Education Committee Advisory Council
Internship
Alumni
School Feedback
Parent Volunteers
Admission
Admission
Admission Process
Who Can Apply
Apply Now
 School Pay
RCSA Connect
RCSA Connect
Elementary Campus
Innovation Campus
Mandarin Campus
Middle&High Campus 
Please select your page	
 Home
 About Us
— Mission and Vision
— History of RCSA
— Achievement
— Testimonials 
— RCSA In Media
— RCSA Board of Directors
— Employment
— FAQ
— Contact Us
— School Feedback
— School Grades
 Schools
— Elementary Southside Campus K-5
— Middle&High Southside Campus 6-12
— Innovation Baymeadows Campus K-8
—  Mandarin Campus K-8
 Academics
— STEM Education
— Curriculum
— CMP & Leadership Program
— Service Learning
— Athletics
—— RCSA Athletics
—— Volleyball Schedule
— Arts and Activities
— Academic Teams
— District Calendar 17-18
 Community
— Parent Involvement
—— Home Visits
—— Parent Events
—— Parent Volunteers
— Community Speakers Series
— Partners In Education (PIE) Program
—— Partners In Education
—— Business
—— Community
—— Becoming a Partner 
— Education Committee Advisory Council
— Internship
— Alumni
— School Feedback
— Parent Volunteers
 Admission
— Admission Process
— Who Can Apply
— Apply Now
  School Pay
 RCSA Connect
— Elementary Campus
— Innovation Campus
— Mandarin Campus
— Middle&High Campus 
		Service Learning
Service Learning
Service learning combines classroom learning with real world applications that can change the world for the better. RCSA students have found these real-world applications by working on issues as diverse as homelessness, poverty, bullying, global access to clean water and social justice for migrant farm workers. While there is no community service requirement for graduation, students frequently find ways to give back, particularly in after school programs.
Interact Club
Interact is Rotary International’s service club for young people ages 12-18. Interact members build leadership skills by meeting with local leaders and volunteering. Interact clubs design and carry out two major service projects each year. The first project should give back to the local community and the second promotes international understandin
Peace Jam
RCSA is actively involved with the Peace Jam Foundation and students attend Peace Jam events twice each year. The mission of the Peace Jam Foundation is to create young leaders committed to positive change in themselves, their communities and the world through the inspiration of Nobel Peace Laureates who pass on the spirit, skills and wisdom they embody. Every year, students from the Southeastern U.S. who have been actively involved in projects to better their communities come together in Tallahassee, Florida to share their while they meet with a Nobel Peace Laureate. Peace Jam itself has been nominated nine times for the Nobel Peace Prize.
In 2013, RCSA students received the Southeast Activism Award from the Peace Jam Foundation at Florida State University. The students received this award for their work on behalf of migrant farmworkers in the tomato fields of South Florida. They were the only school selected for this award in the region. Their documentary on their work can be viewed 
here
  RCSA students also recently traveled to Ghana with connections they made at a Peace Jam event.
College Mentorship Program
Students accepted into the College Mentorship Program are assigned a mentor beginning in 6th grade. This mentor will guide students’ academic, personal and leadership growth for years, through high school graduation. Mentors and mentees share weekly meetings, personal development programs and leadership seminars. Volunteer work is also an important aspect of the program, with students dedicating their time to several area causes. More than 200 students in grades 6-12 are paired with a teacher or school staff who guides them through weekly enrichment in math, reading, character education and college awareness.
© 2018 River City Science Academy. All rights reserved
Home
RCSA Elementary
RCSA Innovation
RCSA Mandarin
RCSA Middle and High
Contact
Scroll