Staff Email
IT Help Desk
RCSA Blog
Donate Now
 Please select your page
Home
About Us
About Us
Mission and Vision
History of RCSA
Achievement
Testimonials 
RCSA In Media
RCSA Board of Directors
Employment
FAQ
Contact Us
School Feedback
School Grades
Schools
Schools
Elementary Southside Campus K-5
Middle&High Southside Campus 6-12
Innovation Baymeadows Campus K-8
 Mandarin Campus K-8
Academics
Academics
STEM Education
Curriculum
CMP & Leadership Program
Service Learning
Athletics
Athletics
RCSA Athletics
Volleyball Schedule
Arts and Activities
Academic Teams
District Calendar 17-18
Community
Community
Parent Involvement
Parent Involvement
Home Visits
Parent Events
Parent Volunteers
Community Speakers Series
Partners In Education (PIE) Program
Partners In Education (PIE) Program
Partners In Education
Business
Community
Becoming a Partner 
Education Committee Advisory Council
Internship
Alumni
School Feedback
Parent Volunteers
Admission
Admission
Admission Process
Who Can Apply
Apply Now
 School Pay
RCSA Connect
RCSA Connect
Elementary Campus
Innovation Campus
Mandarin Campus
Middle&High Campus 
Please select your page	
 Home
 About Us
— Mission and Vision
— History of RCSA
— Achievement
— Testimonials 
— RCSA In Media
— RCSA Board of Directors
— Employment
— FAQ
— Contact Us
— School Feedback
— School Grades
 Schools
— Elementary Southside Campus K-5
— Middle&High Southside Campus 6-12
— Innovation Baymeadows Campus K-8
—  Mandarin Campus K-8
 Academics
— STEM Education
— Curriculum
— CMP & Leadership Program
— Service Learning
— Athletics
—— RCSA Athletics
—— Volleyball Schedule
— Arts and Activities
— Academic Teams
— District Calendar 17-18
 Community
— Parent Involvement
—— Home Visits
—— Parent Events
—— Parent Volunteers
— Community Speakers Series
— Partners In Education (PIE) Program
—— Partners In Education
—— Business
—— Community
—— Becoming a Partner 
— Education Committee Advisory Council
— Internship
— Alumni
— School Feedback
— Parent Volunteers
 Admission
— Admission Process
— Who Can Apply
— Apply Now
  School Pay
 RCSA Connect
— Elementary Campus
— Innovation Campus
— Mandarin Campus
— Middle&High Campus 
		RCSA History and Profile
River City Science Academy (RCSA) is a tuition-free Duval County public charter school with a strong focus in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM). RCSA has grown significantly since opening its doors in 2007 and currently serves the students of Duval County at four campuses.
RCSA is recognized as one of the top charter schools in Duval County, and Jacksonville families have made RCSA their school of choice.
RCSA was initially granted a five-year charter contract from Duval County Public Schools (DCPS) in Fall 2006. After finding a suitable building site, RCSA opened its doors on the corner of Southside and Beach Boulevard August 2007, serving 6th and 7th grade. A new grade level was added each year, and the original class graduated in Spring 2013.
In 2009, the first phase of the 7565 Beach Boulevard location opened as the new home for 6th and 7th grade. 8th and 9th graders remained in the original location until the second phase was completed in August 2010.
During this same year RCSA was approved to open RCSA Elementary to serve students in grades K – 5. RCSA Elementary opened its doors in August 2010 and moved into the newly renovated Beach Boulevard location in August 2012. RCSA Elementary and RCSA Middle-High shared a single campus at Beach Blvd for four years before the elementary school moved into a separate location at 7450 Beach Blvd for the 2016-2017 school year.
In 2012, RCSA was granted approval to open RCSA-Innovation to serve students in grades K-8. RCSA-Innovation started at a temporary location, just like the other schools, on the corner of Southside and Beach serving grades K-2. RCSA-Innovation moved into its current location at 8313 Baycenter Road in 2015 and now serves grades K-8.
In 2014, RCSA received approval to open another campus in the Mandarin area. RCSA opened its Mandarin campus at 10911 Old St Augustine Rd for the 2016-2017 school year and serves students in grades K-8.
Based on the success of the schools, both the middle-high school and elementary schools have renewed lengthy contracts with the Duval County School Board after completing an initial five-year contract. RCSA Middle High was renewed for an additional 10 years and RCSA Elementary for 15.
Currently, RCSA serves more than 2,500 students across four campuses with more than 250 employees. The schools have a diverse student population reflecting Duval county demographics.
RCSA continues to provide strong academics to prepare college-bound students in addition to exciting before and after school programs. RCSA is recognized as a high performing charter school by the Florida Department of Education (FLDOE) and was the first charter school in Duval County to earn an A grade.
Since its beginning, RCSA has worked to adapt to current educational trends by becoming increasingly data-driven, standards-based and financially secure, without losing sight of its innovative vision of the learning process. While much has changed at RCSA, the schools remain committed to learning and growing to provide the best educational experience for students and families
© 2018 River City Science Academy. All rights reserved
Home
RCSA Elementary
RCSA Innovation
RCSA Mandarin
RCSA Middle and High
Contact
Scroll