About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Meet the Community 
Nurturing and inspiring academic excellence through the arts 
Visual  Arts
Creating works of art through the skillful application of both experience and ideas, with tools and techniques in various media. 
Field
Studies! 
4th Grade Field trip to Jug Handle 
Make a field studies contribution  
Performing Arts
Winter Revels 2016 
Classroom performances occur throughout the year, in addition to 3 off-site multi-class showcase performances at the Center for the Arts. 
Nevada City School of The Arts
A public charter school serving Transitional Kindergarten-8th grade students throughout Nevada County, California. The shared vision of our school is to provide a rigorous academic environment using art as a lens to shape curriculum.
Academics
Academics at NCSA are informed and inspired by the arts. Discipline-Based Art Education provides a rigorous academic curriculum in which students have the opportunity to create art, understand its cultural and historical context, respond to and make critical judgments about art, and understand their classroom learning through the lens of art.
Music
The music program at NCSA, designed to enrich our core academics, is based on the philosophy and practice of Orff Schulwerk, a dynamic approach to music education developed by the composer Carl Orff and his colleague, Gunild Keetman. This approach begins with the premise that every child is innately musical and naturally loves to play, sing and dance.
Arts
Main Lesson Art is integrated with the academic curriculum for each grade level. These art lessons support, enhance, and bring greater depth to the students’ studies through tactile hands‑on experiences and in‑depth studies of art as it relates to the area of study.
“The Arts—Music, Dance, Theater, and the Visual Arts—are crucial to the complete education of a child. Their practice, understanding
 and appreciation are essential to human experience and learning itself. Participation in the arts fosters a balanced and enriched life and engenders a commitment to excellence. The Arts are not simply a means; they are an end in themselves. The Arts make us human and whole”. 
– from the NCSA Philosophy Statement 
Meet the Teachers
Support NCSA
Apply to NCSA
School store
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us