About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Count Me In!
Every year at AMOT we have “Count Me In!” items, Count Me In items are opportunities to help support NCSA without bringing home stuff from the auction. Choose your favorite Count Me In! item, or give a little to both! Our theater, piano lab, easels, Orff Instruments, Butterfly Bench, School Sign, iPad lab, playground landscaping, and more, have all resulted from a Count Me In! at A Matter of Taste! 
We are raising money for Industrial Arts!
If you missed the bid sheets, or you weren't able to attend, we're extending this through the end of April. Contributions can be made online HERE.
Our goal is $5,000
we raised $125 at A Matter of Taste
Industrial Arts
2.5%
Industrial Arts at NCSA is creating an introductory pathway for trade and industry skills in our community.
With proper support, our students that excel in tactile learning can learn focus and follow through while learning the safe use of tools and respect for shops and working environments.  In Industrial Arts, we teach the process of bringing an idea into reality.  We leverage that process into a survey of ways to build: with wood, concrete, metal, textiles, technology.  Project-based learning can demystify our built environment and empower our students to create the world they would like to see.
						 Donate to the Count Me In fund						
Class Wishlist:
We need materials:
Plywood for boat building, skateboard decks, ping pong paddles
Metal tubes for push bikes, sheet metal for lamps and lanterns
Screws and fasteners
Paints. Zip ties. duct tape
Concrete for casting
Plaster and soap blocks for carving
Lumber for structures
Rubber bands, inner tubes, wheel sets
Bailing wire, metal lath
Pulleys and rope
Carabiners
Wood Glue & epoxy
We need Personal Protective gear:
Eye protection, small face dust masks, nitrile gloves (L), shop aprons
We need quiet dust collection tools (tool actuated vacuums, ducting, air filters)
We need tools: 
Clamps of all kinds.
Pliers, shears, snips, wrenches, hacksaws.
Rivet guns
Air compressors & pneumatic tools like brad nailers and grinders
metalworking tools like brakes and shears and rollers, tubing benders, Brazing equipment, soldering irons
Woodworking tools like bands saws and scroll saws in safe working condition
Thickness planer
Jigsaws
We need Bits and Blades: 
Drill and driver bits for our cordless tools in all shapes and sizes
Jigsaw blades (t-shank)
reciprocating saw blades
Hacksaw blades
Coping saw blades
Sharpening stones
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us