About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Support NCSA
Since 1994, Nevada City School of the Arts has matured into a distinctive public charter school weaving art, music, dance and drama throughout an innovative academic program.  Funding this program would be impossible if we relied solely on state and federal funding, for although we are a public school and receive state revenue, our expenses are unlike those of others. We have successfully navigated chronic underfunding because our parents and wider
 community have generously lessened the financial gap in what the state provides and the true cost of our program.
Annual Giving Campaign
Our Annual Giving Campaign, run during the month of September, is our major philanthropic endeavor in which we ask every family to make their child’s education one of their highest financial priorities. Families are expected to make a voluntary donation that is feasible and reflects a strong commitment to the school. We currently ask parents to donate $800 per child (more if possible), or, if this is a financial hardship, to donate an amount significant for them; the goal is to have every family make a contribution. Donations to our Annual Giving Campaign support the operating budget and provides money for rent, salaries and our arts and music programs.
FREE Money
FREE Money is NCSA’s name for the various fundraising programs that local and national businesses offer to non-profit organizations   There are several of them, and they all have a different name,  NCSA refers to them collectively as FREE Money.  What FREE Money really means is NCSA gets free money when you shop!  It takes the least bit of time to register, and then you only have to remember to use it.  Take a look at all the businesses that are a part of this program, you’re sure to shop at one or two of them. FREE Money has the potential of raising $20,000 a year if everyone participates.  Extended family and friends can also support NCSA.
A Matter of Taste
A Matter of Taste is Nevada City School of the Arts’ annual Silent Auction.  It is our signature community event and our most important fundraiser outside of the Annual Giving Campaign.  A Matter of taste is both elegant and whimsical, with high quality
 items, delicious food and reputably a tremendous party.  Proceeds from A Matter of Taste support our arts and field study programs.  Learn more about donating to and volunteering for this event at 
ncsota.org/AMOT
Donate a Vehicle
Donate a Vehicle. Are you ready to switch out that old clunker?  Donated vehicles help support NCSA’s programs through Center For Car Donations.  Donating your car is easy, convenient (free pick-up), provides you with a tax deduction and NCSA with a cash contribution.  Whether your car, truck, boat, motorcycle or snowmobile is running or not, NCSA benefits!  Visit 
https://careasy.org/nonprofit/nevada-city-school-of-the-arts
 and get started.  Thank you! 
Donate Material Goods
Donate Material Goods. We are happy to accept donations of material goods that benefit our school!  We have received art supplies, office furniture, outdoor equipment, musical instruments including a grand piano, paper goods and more.  Every material item we get is something we don’t have to purchase!  NCSA is a Section 501(c)3 nonprofit and your gift may qualify as a charitable deduction for federal income tax purposes, a receipt will be provided to you along with our gratitude. Contact 
development@thencsa.com
 if you have something you’d like to donate.
Volunteer your time
We always need helping hands! Volunteer opportunities are available throughout the year. Please contact Carabeth Rowley to find out where your help is needed.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us