About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
The Arts
The Arts at Nevada City School of the Arts
Participation and performance are valued at NCSA.  Students’ work is displayed continuously in the school and in public venues.  Exhibits are hung in local businesses and public buildings; A Visual Arts Exhibition showcases music and two and three-dimensional art. Three performance nights are staged in the Fall, Winter and Spring, showcasing the diverse talents in drama, music (vocal and instrumental), and dance.  Art holds a specific place in the curriculum and is used throughout the disciplines.  This is what defines an Arts Integrated Curriculum.
All students in grades K-5 receive whole class music instruction weekly from the Musicians in Residence and students in grades 4-8 receive bi-weekly lessons in the instrument of their choice.  Students also receive visual arts instruction 2-3 times a week from the Artists in Residence and two movement classes per week, including dance, outdoor sports, games and activities from the Movement Specialist.  Classroom teachers use drama and theater arts to support and enhance the curriculum.
Arts instruction is an integral and significant component of NCSA’s mission and philosophy.
Main Lesson Art
Main Lesson Art is integrated with
 the academic curriculum for each grade level. These art lessons support, enhance, and bring greater depth to the students’ studies through tactile hands‑on experiences and in‑depth studies of art as it relates to the area of study. Students work in a variety of two and three-dimensional media. Another component of Main Lesson Art is the Main Lesson Book. Each student begins the year with a blank book and makes entries as directed by the Artist in Residence. Each drawing illustrates a central idea or concept relating to the students’ academic study. Students draw, paint, and incorporate writing into their Main Lesson Book entries. Grades K through 8 receive
 two classes per week of Main Lesson Art.
The four main lesson art components:
Art Making
Creating works of art through the skillful application of both experience and ideas, with tools and techniques in various media.
Art Criticism
Describing, interpreting, evaluating, and theorizing about works of art for the purpose of increasing understanding and appreciation of works of art and clarifying the roles of art in society.
Art History
Inquiring into the historical, social, and cultural contexts of art objects by focusing upon aspects of time, place, tradition, functions, and styles to better understand the human condition.
Art Aesthetics
Raising and examining questions about the nature, meaning, and value of art, which leads to understanding about what distinguishes art from other kinds of phenomenon, the issues that such differences give rise to and the development of criteria for evaluating and judging works of art. DBAE is incorporated into the curriculum at all grade levels.
Foundation Art
Foundation Art is the arts curriculum taught as a core subject. It is a sequential introduction to art concepts and techniques with lessons connected to art history. The goal of this facet of the program is to provide students with a working understanding and familiarity with art terms and concepts and hands‑on experience with a variety of techniques and media. Grades K through 8 receive
 weekly instruction in Foundation Arts.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us