About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Music Program
Music at NCSA
Showcase
Choral Program
The music program at NCSA, designed to enrich our core academics, is based on the philosophy and practice of Orff Schulwerk, a dynamic approach to music education developed by the composer Carl Orff and his colleague, Gunild Keetman. This approach begins with the premise that every child is innately musical and naturally loves to play, sing and dance. Children not only learn hundreds of songs, many set dances and instrumental pieces from all over the world on Orff instruments, but they also add their own ideas to each experience through improvisation, composition and choreography.
In addition to our general music classes, we provide training in musical instruments from 3rd through 8th grades. In 3rd grade
 all students learn recorder.  Beginning in 4th grade they may choose between the fiddle, flute or clarinet. In 5th grade
 their choice expands to include guitar and cello.
In our middle school program, every student chooses one or two instruments to study and has the option of joining our performing groups. We have an amazing pool of talented local musicians who teach in our music program.  Currently
 we provide small group music lessons twice weekly in cello, piano, guitar, bass guitar and brass. Our performing groups include Jig and Jam (a Celtic influenced group), Wind Ensemble, Jazz Ensemble and Choir.
Choral Program
Our choral program includes a lower grade choir that performs in the Nevada County Choral Festival each November. We also sing every week at our all school assembly.
Variety of Showcase Programs
Our students perform in a wide variety of venues, including our annual Winter Revels program (for 3rd–5th grades), a Winter and Spring Showcase in the middle school, Portfolio Night, school assemblies, monthly Performance Workshops, and curriculum integrated music pieces developed by the students and a wide variety of programs designed by our main lesson teachers.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us