About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
AMOT
Save
Save
A Matter of Taste, where the wine is robust, the food delicious, the items alluring and the party unparalleled.				
For 20 years our community has gathered to celebrate and support the Nevada City School of the Arts comprehensive arts and environmental programs while at the same time enjoying a whimsical and elegant evening with friends.
Celebrating 20 years of supporting arts in education, Nevada City School of The Arts presents this year’s Roaring 20’s themed AMOT. It’s going to be a swinging good time!
We’ll have the Osborne Woods and Stone Halls filled with hundreds of fine items in a Silent Auction. We’re offering a complimentary glass of wine, 2 no-host bars, and a variety of delicious appetizers. Following the Silent Auction, The Earles of Newtown will perform so bring your dancing shoes! Come dressed in your best 20’s fashion, or come as you are! All money raised will support the Arts and Field studies programs at Nevada City School of The Arts.
We are currently gathering donations of items, services, recreational opportunities and art, from the practical, to the unconventional, to the fanciful! Use the form below if you'd like to add your ingredient to the mix that makes our silent auction so tempting.
Eat, Drink & Be Merry!  Bid High & Bid Often!  Join Us!
Friday, March 16th 2018 at the Miners Foundry
6-11pm
						 Buy Tickets			
						 Donate an item			
						 Volunteer			
						 View Auction Items			
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us