About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Teacher Pages
Meet the fantastic teachers of NCSA				
Rebecca Bear
Dragonfly Transitional Kindergarten
The Transitional Kindergarten year is all about developing the social-emotional skills and self-awareness of each student so that he/she may enter into the Kindergarten year as self-directed and enthusiastic students.
Visit Rebecca’s class page
Linda Toll
Ladybug Kindergarten
We gather each morning to sing songs, recite poems, count the days on the calendar and talk about our day. Next we move into small group instruction of the curriculum. Alphabet study, math skills, writing and reading are practiced at this time followed by outdoor play, snack and story time.  Students receive art instruction twice a week. Movement and music classes are once a week. We end the day with a choice of blocks, drawing, painting, and creative play. Everyone shares in caring for the classroom.
Visit Linda’s class page
Holly LaChappell
Hummingbird Kindergarten
In Kindergarten we strive to show loving kindness to one another throughout our day.There are 20 students in our morning’s only kindergarten class. We have an aide to help us with small group work and many parent volunteers.
Visit Holly’s teacher page
Brittani Brackett
1st Grade 
First grade will consist of introducing students into learning as they begin to develop a love of stories, children’s literature, reader’s theater, authentic thinking, problem-solving, artistic expression, and compassion. We will learn Sign Language and sing together. We will dance and move together.While students will grow exponentially over the course of the school year in their academics, I place a huge emphasis on students’ social and emotional well-being as well. 1st Grade
Visit Brittani’s class page
Coral Dietz
1st Grade Helping Hands
First graders share classic children’s literature that supports our units of study. We learn SEE Sign language and sing together. Parent volunteers are important part of the student's daily experience, and there are opportunities to help both during the school day and outside of school. We encourage all families to volunteer and share their gifts with the class.
Visit  Coral’s class page
Angie Maxson
2nd Grade Planet Protectors
There are 20 students in our class.  We have one aide who helps throughout our day.  We hold literacy reading class in small groups and math in both small and whole group depending upon the activity.  We do many science lessons and often enjoy them with our second-grade partner class.  We are a class of authors writing daily.
Visit Angie’s class page
Carrie Morgan
2nd Grade 
I want the students to feel safe, respected and encouraged to be lifelong learners.  We will create rules, have morning meetings, hold councils and slowly move into the core of the curriculum.
Visit Carrie’s class page
Danielle Morey
3rd Gryphon Class 
By exploring the curriculum in a hands-on manner, academic knowledge becomes more meaningful and more memorable. Our class goes on several field trips each year. Art and movement are incorporated into each and every subject to promote creative, happy and freethinking individuals while also keeping learning meaningful and fun!
Visit Danielle’s class page
Robin Stoenner
3rd Grade Dragons
This is a year of enormous growth. This is the year the students enter a larger world and take our first overnight field trip the end of the year.
Visit Robin’s class page
Maria DiCintio 
4th Grade Phoenixes
Welcome to fourth grade! We are going to have a great year, full of learning and fun. Every other year, we team up with the Dragonfly Class for a Spring Garden Show. This event is a celebration of song and music and dance. Students love to perform. At the same time, we study how our gardens grow with planting seeds.
Visit Maria’s class page
Lori Spencer
4th/5th Explorers
We are a class of 26 students who enjoy exploring our world. This year we are exploring the 5th-grade social studies curriculum of the United States.  We learn about the geography and the historical events that shaped our nations through hands-on and interactive studies. As an art school, we incorporate the arts in social studies, language arts and science.
Learn more about Lori’s class
Gary Griffith
5th Grade
Thematically, we make a number of historical and cultural ‘journeys’ through the course of the year — as Knights, as Colonial Americans on the eve of Revolution, as visitors to Ancient India and Classical Greece. Our Science focus is the study of water and watersheds as part of the 4-5 Watershed Academy. Integrating all of this is a series of exciting field trips and events that make learning memorable and alive.
Learn more about Gary’s class
Ben Preston
6th Grade Math and History
Though I will be teaching Math and History, all subjects will be thoughtfully integrated in your classroom. Students in math class will participate in a variety of games and projects designed to excite, deepen and expand a child’s understanding. Such projects may include role-playing games, strategy games, running a class business, and exercise. With an emphasis on inquiry, students will actively debate, explain, and create with each other as they deepen their understandings.
Visit Bens class page
Hillary O’Callaghan
 6th Grade English Language Arts and Social Studies
My name is Hillary O’Callaghan. This year I’ll be teaching 6th grade English Language Arts and Social Studies at NCSA.
Sixth grade is full of excitement, transition, growth, and discovery. At NCSA, you are transitioning to the Upper Campus where you will find yourself growing into a well-rounded student that is ready.
Visit 
Hillary's class page
Alexandra (Alex) AcMoody
7th & 8th Grade Language Arts and History
I have always loved science and I have a passion for Language Arts. We will do lots of writing, creating, and story telling! We will take an in-depth journey into our Earth! We will learn about our resources (and how to conserve them), we will explore the science behind some of nature’s deadliest forces, and we will jump into fresh water and salt water activities. We will also explore climate, our atmosphere, and we will talk about our personal carbon footprint.
Visit Alex's class page
Cathy Harmon 
7th/8th Language Arts and History
While our 7th graders become logophiles (lovers of words) through an abundance of engaging Language Arts activities, and our 8th graders reflect carefully upon the stories of the past to make the most of their futures, my highest priority in school is the well being of our social and emotional health. In my classes, we’ll gather in circle, spend time outdoors, and work together to find ways to create a safe and healthy environment for everyone.
Visit Cathy's class page
Dave Gordon 
7th/8th Science
All my classes are designed to prepare students for success in high school. Personal responsibility, study skills, and note taking are heavily emphasized.  Science classes include labs, hands on activities, science journals, art projects, science in the news, and science fair projects.
Visit Dave's class page
Lisa Lane
7th/8th Math
Hello and welcome! My name is Lisa Lane and I will be teaching 7 th /8 th grade mathematics. I am so excited to meet each of you!
Visit Lisa's class page
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us