About 
Meet our Administration team
Teacher Pages
CGC – Charter Governance Council
Meet the Arts & Music Department
Our Philosophy 
Homework Philosophy
Academics
The Arts
Music Program
Social & Emotional Learning
Mindfulness
Common Core Information
Field Studies
Artistic Showcase
Alumni Spotlight
Enrollment 
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Parent Resources 
Activities Calendar
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
NCSA Policies & Documents
Hot Lunch
Field Study Contribution Payments
Reading Strategies
Electives Info
Cyber Strong verification
Attendance FAQs
After School 
Raven Wolf Afterschool program 
Raven Wolf Afterschool On line Registration Form
Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
After School Sports
Support NCSA 
Jogathon
2017 Annual Giving Campaign
School Store
Free money for NCSA
AMOT 
View Auction Items
Count Me In!
AMOT Sponsors
Contact Us 
Staff Directory
Employment at NCSA
No products in the cart.
Search
Steps to Apply to NCSA
Follow these steps to apply to NCSA:
1. Read the 
Enrollment Policy
2. Complete application:  Applications are available at our New Parent Information Meetings or by contacting Katie James: 
enrollment@ncsota.org 
New Parent Information Meetings:
Thursday, November 2nd at 9:30am
Thursday, December 7th at 9:30am
Thursday, January 11th at 9:30am
Thursday, February 8th at 4pm
Thursday, March 8th at 5:30pm
Wednesday, April 11th at 5:30pm
*Please have your student's birth certificate and vaccine record to attach to the application (as required by SB277)
*All meetings will be held in the Theater on the NCSA campus: 13032 Bitney Springs rd, Nevada City ,CA 95959
2018/2019 Application Deadline: 
Friday, April 13th at 1pm
2018/2019 Lottery: 
Monday, April 16th
*Meetings are for Parents only
For enrollment inquiry: 530-273-7736 x-218 | enrollment@ncsota.org
2017/2018 Enrollment Policy
Nevada City School of the Arts
Enrollment Policy
In accordance with California State Charter School Law (Sect. 47605), Nevada City School of the Arts (NCSA) uses pre-determined priorities for acceptance of applicants to the school.
In order of priority they are:
1. Students already enrolled in the site-based program at NCSA
2. Children of employees at NCSA*
3. Siblings of those already enrolled at the site based program at NCSA and
Grandchildren of employees at NCSA**
4. Siblings/Children of Alumni of NCSA***
5. Students at Bell Hill School****
6. Residents of Nevada County
7. All other applicants
* An employee is defined as a person paid for working 15 hours per week or more or 2 years active, continuous employment if under 15 hours per week.
** A sibling is defined as a child who is a brother or sister by birth, adoption, marriage or legal domestic partnership.
*** Alumni priority is given to a child or sibling of a former student who successfully graduated from NCSA. Proof of graduation and relationship to student is required in order to receive this priority.
**** NCSA gives priority to students from Bell Hill School due to receiving the SB 740 Facilities Grant. A provision of this grant is that a charter school can use the highest FRLP percentage of any school within the local school district as long as the charter school gives the local school priority for admissions. Education Code Section 47605.3.
Open Enrollment
The above priorities apply to all student applicants during the “Open Enrollment Periods”. In order for applications to be considered for the next school year, they must be received during the initial open enrollment period that begins in November and ends Friday, April 13th at 1:00 p.m. Please call our school to confirm that your application has been received. Closing of Open Enrollment will be announced a minimum of 14 days prior to the deadline to apply.
The close of open enrollment is the Friday, April 13th at 1:00 p.m. The lottery draw happens the Monday of the following week. Each applicant is placed in a priority category (see list above). If there is an opening in the grade for which the student has applied, the opening will be filled in priority order. If there is more than one applicant in a given priority category, a lottery draw will occur. Students not drawn for open spots will be given a priority number within their category based on the lottery draw and placed on the waiting list. All new openings will be filled according to the waitlist priority. Families who apply after the initial lottery date will be placed in a second lottery pool. Slots will be filled from the second lottery for the current school year after the current waitlist has been exhausted. However, if a student in categories 2-3 applies they will bypass everyone on the waitlist in categories 4-6 and be placed in their categories respectively.
Acceptance of Enrollment – April-August (For Following School Year) After the lottery draw, parents of accepted students will be contacted and given a maximum of 2 business days to accept the opening. If they do not accept the opening or respond within the allotted time, the student’s name will be removed from the list, and the next child on the waiting list will be offered the available position. In addition to verbal acceptance, parents must complete the appropriate paperwork registering their student for the new school year. This paperwork is emailed out following the verbal acceptance and is expected to be returned two weeks before school begins. If it is not received by that time, the student will be removed from the class roster and the next child on the waitlist will be offered the opening.
Acceptance of Enrollment – August-April (For Current School Year)
When an opening becomes available, parents of student applicants will be contacted and given 2 business days to respond. If they do not accept the opening or respond within the allotted time, the student’s name will be removed from the list, and the next person on the waiting list will be offered the available position. If circumstances are such that the reason for refusal is poor timing of transfer, the parent may request for their child to be added to the bottom of the waitlist.
Transitional Kindergarten
Students who apply must be 5 on or before December 2 nd . Students whose birthdays fall
after December 2 nd and before December 31 st may apply and if there are openings will be
placed on a waitlist in order of birthdate.
Waitlist Status
In September, all parents of students on the waitlist will receive an email requesting confirmation that they wish to remain on the waitlist for the current school year. Parents will have the normal 2 business days to confirm their position on the list. If they do not reply, the student will be placed at the bottom of the lottery list.
• Students remaining on the waiting list at the end of a school year do not have any priority for the following school year. If they would like to be included in the lottery for the following year parents must re-apply prior to the close of enrollment.
• Students wishing to transfer to NCSA during the course of the school year will not be enrolled until they have completed an intake meeting with the school director and teacher.
• NCSA does not accept students after the March 1 st .
• Students enrolled in the Transitional Kindergarten have enrolled student priority and will automatically advance into Kindergarten the following year.
•  Applications for the 8 th Grade site-based program will not be accepted after September 20th.
• Students who have left NCSA, and wish to return, will still be required to follow the standard order of priority as outlined above.
• Class Transfers – If there is an opening in any class, students already enrolled at NCSA have priority for transfer. While a parent may fill out a Transfer Request Form, the decision to move the student will be made by the teachers and School Director.
*Parents must reapply every school year for their child to remain on the waitlist*
Exit Policy:
1. We ask parents to let us know when their children will no longer attend NCSA. Because a student is not allowed to be enrolled in two schools at the same time, if we receive an official student cumulative file request from another school, the student will be automatically dropped from our roster and no longer allowed to attend NCSA.
2. If you notify the Enrollment Coordinator that your student will no longer attend NCSA by phone, email, or any other communication your student will be dropped as of the date discussed and their spot will be filled.
3. Students in grades 6-8 who have been socially promoted once may be asked to leave
NCSA and return to their District of Residence if they do not pass a second semester.
4. Any student who leaves NCSA while on an Academic or Behavior contract loses any priority status he/she may have had (i.e. they no longer have sibling status). In addition, in order to return the parents must meet with the School Director and agree to the continuation of the contract.
5. Nevada City School of the Arts, as a public charter school, is a school of choice. Poor attendance could be an indication that this school may not be an appropriate choice for the student. If a student has an attendance contract through NCSA and the School Attendance Review Board (SARB) and continues to accrue absences, NCSA has the option to exit the student from school.
CLASSROOM CAPACITY
After the lottery, students whose names are selected for K-5 th grades will be placed on a grade specific list. School staff and the School Director will then determine in which specific classrooms the students will be placed.
Class Capacity
Dragonfly Transitional Kindergarten: 15 students
Two Kindergarten Classes: 20 students each class
Two 1st Grade Classes: 20 students each class
Two 2nd Grade Classes: 20 students each class
Two 3rd Grade Classes: 20 students each class
One 4th Grade Class: 27 students
One 4 th /5 th (13 of each grade) Grade Class: 26 students
One 5th Grade Class: 27 students
Middle School Grades 6 th - 8 th
Two 6 th Grade Classes 26 students each class
Two 7th Grade Classes 26 students each class
Two 8th Grade Classes 26 students each for the
(NCSA does not accept applications for 8 th grade after September 20th)
*There may be circumstances in which the school director, for the benefit of the composition of the class, makes exceptions to these class sizes. This will be determined on a case-by- case basis. Under any circumstances, the main lesson teacher must give full consent to accept a student above the set maximum capacity of the class.
Quick Links ... I want to:
Contribute to the Annual Giving Campaign
Make a Hot Lunch payment
Make a Raven Wolf Afterschool payment
Make a Field Studies contribution
Visit the Teacher pages
Update parent/ student info
Contact us:
13032 Bitney Springs Road Bldg. # 8Nevada City, CA 95959
									Tel: 530-273-7736 								
									Fax: 530-273-1378								
Awards
					All rights Reserved				
Home
Music Program
Parent Resources
Year-at-a-Glance-Calendar
Contact Us