Highland Free School
A Non-Profit Elementary Charter School
Home
Contact Info
Curriculum
Newsletter
Notices
Tax Credit
Topic Links
Video
Newsletter
The state extended the time allotted to make a school tax credit contribution up to tax day-April 16th Instead of writing your tax check to the state of Arizona, you can redirect your tax payment to Highland for any amount up to $200 for individual filers and $400 for couples
Calendars:
  We still have many families who have to take care of their calendar fund raising obligations.  Check with Nick or Teresa to see if you have returned your calendar donation money.  
School Dance and Silent Auction
:  We will be having our dance and silent auction on the evening of Friday, March 23rd.  Students will not be bringing dates or escorts (that is, besides their guardians who must be present).  Current and former Highland families will also be invited to the event.  Tickets will be available for a $5 donation- this will help cover the pizza, beverages and balloons. We have a lot of great items for the auction, so don’t forget to bring some extra money.
Silent Auction Help:
 We still need some help collecting items to be auctioned.  Since our families have so many varied skills and unique community connections, we hope we can work together to collect some interesting auction items.
Parental Participation:
WE STILL NEED YOUR HELP!  If you have free time to help out in class, or sweep a rug, or bring in snacks we can always use the help.
This Month’s Topics:
·      Celebrating Diversity & Civil War (older class)
Ocean & School Dance
Geography:  Asia & Africa
Calendar
Friday, March 9th
Book orders are due
Saturday, March 10th and 11th
Highland will be running a booth at the Festival of Books.  We hope to see you there!
Wednesday, March 21st
Picture Day
Friday, March 23rd
Half Day
School Dance and Silent Action
 March 29th  –  April 2nd
Spring Break- School Closed
Welcome!
Highland Free School Charter
Upcoming Events
Progress Reports Distributed
May 22				
Last Day of School/ Half Day
May 25 @ 8:30 am - 
12:00 pm				
View All Events
School Downloads
2017-18 School Calendar
Highland Information Sheet
Tax Credit- Charter
Pages
Contact Info
Curriculum
Newsletter
Notices
Tax Credit
Topic Links
Video
What Makes Us Unique
Meta
Log in
Entries 
RSS
Comments 
RSS
WordPress.org
			Sixteen Theme by 
InkHive