Navigation
Ricardo Flores Magon Academy
Ricardo Flores Magon Academy
5301 Lowell Boulevard
Denver, Colorado 80221
Phone: (303) 412-7610
Fax: (303) 477-0325
Email
 | 
Contact
Home
Main Menu
About
About RFMA
Our Mission
Our Values
Board Members
Staff
Employment
Academics
Core Academics
Our Results
Testimonials
Programs
Tennis
Teatro
Sports
Clubs
Partners
Donate
Enroll
Return to Content
About Us
About Us
It is a common practice among public schools throughout the United States to name their schools after prominent figures in history. It has also been common for schools to name their facility after a historical figure that represents the community in which the school is located. Because the majority of the students attending the Ricardo Flores Magón Academy are of Mexican descent, and that we expect a college education to be in each one of their futures, it is important that the name of the school represent the community, and is someone that the students can look up to and seek to emulate on their journey to higher education.
It is tempting for a school with a high Mexican population to name the school after Pancho Villa or Emiliano Zapata – arguably the two most identifiable figures in Mexican history. However, we believe that it is important for the school to not only be named after someone of historical significance, but someone that used his intellect to succeed. Ricardo Flores Magón was a man that used his mind from an early age, attending the university, studying law, becoming a noted journalist. Magón used the power of literacy – spoken and written – to save the Mexican people from the oppressive dictatorship of Porfirio Díaz and is recognized as the key figure that started the Mexican Revolution to liberate the Mexican people. Magón’s struggles and beliefs led him to a life of both enlightenment and imprisonment, but throughout his life he remained true to his beliefs and used civil disobedience rather than violence to express his ideas and viewpoints.
With the inspiration of Magón, students at the Academy will be encouraged to move beyond the restrictions of the limited circumstances into which they may have been born, while never needing to choose to leave behind their cultural heritage as they prepare for high school, college, and beyond.
Quiénes Somos
Nuestro colegio lleva el nombre de Ricardo Flores Magón porque la mayoría de nuestros alumnos son de descendencia mexicana. Magón fue un héroe mexicano quien los estudiantes pueden admirar e intentar emular en su jornada académica. Magón usó su mente desde edad temprana, asistió a la universidad, estudió leyes y se hizo un periodista célebre. Utilizó el poder de la palabra—oral y escrita—para liberar al pueblo mexicano de la dictadura opresiva de Porfirio Díaz, y por lo tanto, fue una figura clave en el comienzo de la Revolución Mexicana.  Sus luchas y sus creencias lo llevaron a una vida de iluminación y de encarcelamiento, pero jamás abandonó sus valores y utilizó la desobediencia civil en vez de la violencia para expresar sus ideas.
Inspirados por Magón, se les alentará a los alumnos de la Academia a transcender cualquier obstáculo, sin sentir necesidad de abandonar su patrimonio cultural mientras se preparan para la preparatoria, la universidad y el futuro.
Comments are closed.
Contact
Ricardo Flores Magon Academy
5301 Lowell Boulevard
Denver, Colorado 80221
Phone: (303) 412-7610
Fax: (303) 477-0325
Email
 | 
Contact
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Connect
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at RFMA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Ricardo Flores Magon Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login