Navigation
Ricardo Flores Magon Academy
Ricardo Flores Magon Academy
5301 Lowell Boulevard
Denver, Colorado 80221
Phone: (303) 412-7610
Fax: (303) 477-0325
Email
 | 
Contact
Home
Main Menu
About
About RFMA
Our Mission
Our Values
Board Members
Staff
Employment
Academics
Core Academics
Our Results
Testimonials
Programs
Tennis
Teatro
Sports
Clubs
Partners
Donate
Enroll
Return to Content
Tennis Program / El Programa de Tenis
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
-Arthur Ashe
Research has shown that tennis can increase physical fitness as well as mental capacity. Students at the Ricardo Flores Magon Academy receive daily tennis lessons from a certified tennis professional as part of the daily curriculum. The goal is to strengthen the self-reliance and focus needed to prepare students for college, as well as to become some of the best competitive players in the state.
Students compete in leagues and tournaments from around the state, as well as intramural tournaments at the school. Recently, RFMA students won 1st place in the annual Colorado Athletic State Association (CARA) tennis tournament. Some of the services offered as part of the tennis program include:
Daily tennis lessons with a certified tennis professional
Competition in various statewide tournaments
Quick-start tennis program for younger students
Summer tennis instruction programs
About the current tennis instructor
Zach Couchman is a Colorado native and has spent most of his life in Colorado. He has been playing tennis since 4th grade, and has being a PE teacher for the last 6 years. He enjoys all kinds of sports and tries get out to the courts, whenever has a chance. He loves working with students and seeing the impact that he is making toward helping future generations. Loves to learn new things every day and hope to share that learning process with each and every student he teaches.
La investigación demuestra que el tenis puede aumentar el estado físico tanto como la capacidad mental. Los alumnos RFMA reciben instrucción diaria de un profesionista de tenis certificado. La meta es reforzar la autosuficiencia y la concentración requeridas para preparar los alumnos para la universidad, asi como para convertirse en unos de los jugadores mejores en el estado.Los estudiantes compiten en ligas y en torneos por todo el estado, tanto como en torneos intramuros en el colegio. Recientemente, alumnos de RFMA ganaron el primer lugar en el torneo anual de tenis de la Asociación Atlética del Estado de Colorado, o CARA.
Instrucción diaria de un profesionista de tenis certificado
Competiciones en varios torneos del estado
Programa de inicio rápido para alumnos menores
Programas de insrucción de tenis durante el verano
El instructor de tenis, Zach Couchman, es originario del estado y ha residido en Colorado la mayoría de su vida. Ha jugado tenis desde el cuarto año, y ha sido un instructor de educación física por seis años. Disfruta de todos los deportes y trata de jugar tenis cada vez que tiene la oportunidad. Le encanta trabajar con los estudiantes y ver el impacto que tiene al formar las generaciones del futuro. Le encanta aprender cosas nuevas todos los días y espera compartir el proceso de aprendizaje con cada uno de sus alumnos.
Comments are closed.
Contact
Ricardo Flores Magon Academy
5301 Lowell Boulevard
Denver, Colorado 80221
Phone: (303) 412-7610
Fax: (303) 477-0325
Email
 | 
Contact
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Connect
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at RFMA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Ricardo Flores Magon Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login