Skip to main content
Lafayette Academy Charter School
Google Translate
Home
About Us
Welcome
School Overview
School Culture
Public Charter
Choice Foundation
School History
Our Unique Program
Directions
Bus Routes
Photo Album
Video Gallery
School Achievements
In the News
How to Apply
Teach at Lafayette
Academics
Classes/Homework
LEAP/iLEAP Support
Library
Students
Classes/Homework
Student Handbook
Sports & Extra-Curricular
School Activities
Disclaimers
Student Fees
Homework Assistance
Parents
School Calendar
Contact Teachers
Handbook
The Lion Pride
Volunteer Opportunities
Forms
Family Resources
Book of the Month
Kid Friendly Links
Disclaimers
Seclusion and Restraint
Issues and Concerns
Staff
Staff Directory
Faculty/Staff Calendar
Administrators Calendar
Staff Only
Access School Email
Access Trouble Trakker
Access Work Trakker
Business Office Web Portal
Disclaimers
Board
Members
Choice Foundation
Charter Schools
Meeting Dates
Board Documents
Custodian of Public Records
Issues and Concerns
Alumni
Welcome
News and Announcements
Alumni Directory
Photo Albums
Memoirs
Get Involved
Volunteer
Donate
Principal's Message
What kind of school do you want for YOUR child? Post-Katrina New Orleans offers a dizzying array of schooling options, and it is difficult for parents to know the difference among the schools.
Web sites, flyers, neutral ground signs, and other advertising provide some clues, but the best way—maybe the only way –to know what school is best for your child is to visit. Look and listen to the leader of the school, take a tour, look inside classrooms, meet some of the teachers and others who work there. 
So, we strongly encourage you to come visit us. This Web site will offer some hints, just like getting a sniff of a good gumbo on the stove. A visit will fill you up with the full flavor that is Lafayette Academy Charter School. Here is some of what you will see: 
A leadership team of all New Orleans natives with well over 100 years experience in teaching and school leadership. We know New Orleans, and we know our students. 
A staff comprised of a healthy mix of New Orleans public school veterans and newcomers to the city. All of us are, as our motto says, “Dedicated to Children, Committed to Excellence.” 
A great student-teacher ratio. 
Not just a safe environment, but an especially caring one. 
A school that is focused on student achievement. Our entire program is targeted to expand and deepen our student’s knowledge of the Louisiana Comprehensive Curriculum—state standards. 
A school that goes beyond the basics with art, music, physical education, Spanish for every child. 
An abundance of support programs. We have strong programs for students with special needs, for social work, and for volunteers to contribute to our students’ growth. 
Extra-curriculars like sports and arts programs.
So, we invite you to come visit to experience the Lafayette difference. Your child is important to you: we understand that. Please know that your child is important to us, too, and we will do all that we can to work with you to raise a healthy child who is a successful student, too. Our intent is to provide profoundly different opportunities for your child. Won’t you take the next step and come measure us for yourself?
			© Copyright Lafayette Academy Charter School 
			2727 South Carrollton Avenue, New Orleans, LA 70118 
			Phone: (504) 861-8370 • Fax: (504) 861-8369		
Contact Us
powered by Educational Networks