­
503.874.4107													
wiese_jennifer@silverfalls.k12.or.us
			Facebook		
			Facebook		
DISCOVER
ENROLL
PARTICIPATE
CONTRIBUTE
FAMILIES
Select Page				
DISCOVER
ENROLL
PARTICIPATE
CONTRIBUTE
FAMILIES
Enrollment Form 2018-2019
APPLICATION PROCESS
Please contact the office to schedule an observation and orientation meeting to ensure our program is consistent with your family’s beliefs and philosophy concerning education.
Submit an application before the deadline:
Currently enrolled students and siblings:  March 1
New applicants:  March 31
Applications postmarked after March 31 will be offered enrollment on the basis of availability or added to the waiting list after the lottery (when applicable).
If your child is offered enrollment, you will receive an Enrollment Packet prior to the first day of classes.
2017 Vaccination Data for CRS
We welcome visitors by appointment only. 
Please contact us to schedule a classroom visit.
Given time without distraction or disruption, Montessori classrooms develop into normalized environments where children are absorbed in their work and confident of their ability to engage in learning either in small groups or alone. If observers and visitors come into the classroom before the children have learned to attend to their own work, the children will most certainly respond to the stimulation of observers and the very atmosphere that the observer has come to see will not exist.
LOTTERY PROCESS
A lottery will be held for any classrooms with more applicants than available spaces.
The lottery will be conducted by April 15, if necessary, at The Community Roots School or another specified location.
Currently enrolled children are not subject to the lottery. Siblings of current students will be automatically enrolled unless there are more siblings than available spaces.
If necessary, siblings will be in the lottery as a separate group.
If one sibling is chosen in the lottery, all other siblings will be given preference if spaces are available.
Each round, the lottery will draw one name for each participating classroom in order of descending age (i.e. oldest to youngest) until all spaces are filled.
The lottery will be conducted by an impartial third party.
The lottery is a public meeting and you are welcome to attend.
ENROLLMENT POLICIES
A child is eligible for 1st grade if age 6 by September 1.
Application Policies:
Applications can be submitted throughout the year in person, via email, or by mail.
Applications will be dated when received.
Missed Deadlines:
Applications received after the deadline will be offered enrollment or placed on the waiting list on a first come, first served basis.
Out-of-District Applicants:
If space is available, The Community Roots School may admit students who do not reside in the Silver Falls School District (SFSD).
Out-of-district students may only be accepted by The Community Roots School if in-district student enrollment is insufficient to fill the classrooms.
Out-of-district students who attended The Community Roots School during the previous school year and out-of-district siblings will receive preference before new in-district student applicants.
Special Education Students:
The Community Roots School will register and enroll students without regard to their status as special education students if the student’s IEP team determines that the school is an appropriate placement.
For an out-of-district special education student, ORS 338.165 shall apply. The Community Roots School and SFSD shall be responsible for the provision of special education services.
Have More Questions? 
Please don’t hesitate to contact us. Thank you for your interest in our school. We hope to see you soon!
Get In Touch
NONDISCRIMINATION:
THE COMMUNITY ROOTS SCHOOL ADMITS STUDENTS REGARDLESS OF RACE, COLOR, SEX, AND NATIONAL OR ETHNIC ORIGIN. 
BACK TO TOP
DISCOVER
ENROLL
PARTICIPATE
CONTRIBUTE
Silver Falls School District 
 c/o The Community Roots School 
229 Eureka Ave. 
 Silverton, Oregon 97381
503.874.4107
© 2016 The Community Roots School. All rights reserved.