Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Assessment Refusal: Frequently Asked Questions
Answers Courtesy of CDE:
** Please Note:  Monument Academy has a charter with Lewis-Palmer School District 38 but is governed by its own school board and policy regarding state standardized assessments. Because Monument Academy is a charter school, the word “school” can often be substituted for the word “district” in the answers found below.
Can parents excuse their children from taking the state tests?
Yes. State law allows parents to excuse their child from state assessments. This law requires districts to have policies that explain how parents may excuse a student from participating in one or more state assessments and notify parents of those policies. Your district can share their specific policy with you.
What are the consequences of excusing your child from participating in the state tests?
According to state law, districts cannot impose negative consequences on students or parents if a parent excuses his or her student from participating in a statewide assessment, including prohibiting school attendance, imposing an unexcused absence, or prohibiting participation in extracurricular activities. Likewise, districts cannot impose unreasonable burdens or requirements on a student to discourage the student from taking an assessment or to encourage the student’s parent to excuse his/her child from the assessment.
It is important to note that non-participation in state assessments means parents will not have information about their child’s attainment and growth on the state standards compared to other students in their school, district, and state. Also, there is a chance that comparisons between schools and districts won’t be available as common state assessments are the most consistent way to compare performance right now.
Will my school or district’s accreditation rating be impacted by low participation on tests?
Federal law requires 95 percent of students overall, and in each demographic category, to take the required assessments. However, the Colorado State Board of Education passed a motion in February 2015 that says districts will not be held liable for parents choosing to excuse their children from testing.
As a result of these two policies, there is no impact on state accountability determinations for schools or districts that do not meet the federal requirement for 95 percent participation in two or more content areas due to parents excusing their students from testing. If, however, the school or district fails to meet the 95 percent participation rate requirement in two or more content areas for reasons such as students refusing to take the test without a parent excuse (parent refusal on file), then the school or district’s plan type will be lowered one level.
Are there financial impacts on teachers or schools for low participation?
There is no fiscal impact on a district or teacher, at the state level, for parents excusing students from state assessments.
Additional Questions We Receive:
Will refusing standardized tests in elementary and middle school (Common Core based CMAS/PARCC/CoAlt) hurt my student in high school?
Any student whose parent has refused testing will have that noted on their records, but there is no negative impact to those students in high school.
Will refusing standardized tests in elementary and middle school (Common Core based CMAS/PARCC/CoAlt) affect how my student is viewed by colleges?
Ultimately this can only be answered by the individual colleges, but the vast majority of colleges and universities use the SAT and/or ACT entrance exams in combination with transcripts, AP exams, and extra-curricular activities to evaluate students that are applying to attend. We are unaware of any colleges or universities that are using Common Core based exams to evaluate students that apply.
Online Assessment Refusal Instructions are found below, or can be picked up at the school’s main office.
* Online Assessment Refusal Instructions
Click below to be taken directly to the Online Assessment Refusal Form:
* Online Assessment Refusal
Please contact the Assessment Coordinator with any questions.
Email
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login