Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
MA Athletics
Announcements
We have been made aware of some summer camps that our student-athletes may be interested in attending. See the list below:
Discovery Canyon Youth Volleyball Clinic
5th – 9th Grade Boys & Girls
June 5th – June 7th
3:00 PM – 5:00 PM
Directions: 
Discovery Canyon HS Gym
Palmer Ridge Cub Club Youth Football Camp
3rd – 8th Grade Boys & Girls
July 23rd – July 26th
8:30 AM – 11:00 AM
Directions: 
Palmer Ridge High School
Monument Academy Athletic Spiritwear Store Now Online!
Athletic spiritwear will be available at the beginning of each athletic season. The store remains open for a couple of weeks while orders are placed. Delivery of orders to Monument Academy will occur within a week or 2 after the store closes. Look for announcements about available athletic spiritwear as the new seasons approach!
Online Athletic Registration & Forms
Parents of student-athletes participating in Monument Academy Athletics must complete and submit all necessary forms and documentation. Forms that Monument Academy requires are submitted online. You may register for athletic programs by clicking on the link below:
www.familyid.com/organizations/monument-academy
Some CCAL programs hold tryouts, and cuts may be necessary for these programs. You do NOT need to register/pay before tryouts have concluded and teams are chosen, but you must either have a valid athletic physical on file with us, or present a copy of a valid athletic physical in order to participate in tryouts. If you do not have a valid athletic physical on file with us, simply bring a copy to the first day of tryouts. Physicals are valid for 1 calendar year from the date of examination. More information about the CCAL program can be found in the 2017-2018 Athletic Handbook. A link to a blank, athletic physical form can be found below:
Athletic Physical Form
Student-athletes will not be allowed to participate in any Monument Academy athletic programs without a completed registration including all necessary documents, releases and payment.
Helpful Notes:
You can use any qualified doctor as the source for your sports physical, and many urgent care facilities will provide them for you without an appointment, and for a reasonable fee. Participation in CCAL Athletic Programs (including tryouts) is not possible without a physical that has been completed within the last year.
Mission Statement
•	Our mission in athletics is to teach student-athletes both the fundamental skills necessary to be better athletes, and the fundamental character traits necessary to be better people. Sportsmanship will be the top priority of Lynx Athletics, and an expectation of all coaches, student-athletes, and parents! 
Athletic programs are a natural infrastructure for the development of the character traits we value here at Monument Academy. We will focus as much on teaching our student-athletes good character as we will teaching them the technical skills necessary to compete in their respective athletic programs. We have partnered with Positive Coaching Alliance to develop better athletes, and better people. Our coaches will work diligently to create this culture in all of our programs. Please see this video clip to gain a better understanding of the culture we are trying to implement here at Monument Academy!
Available Athletic Programs
CCAL Program:
Monument Academy is a full member school in the Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL), and will directly support the participation of student-athletes in this program. CCAL provides a competitive environment with a playoff structure for a school’s A-Team. Competitive events are also held for a school’s B-Team, but the league does not keep a record of season standings, and there is no playoff structure. CCAL Programs are offered to all 7th and 8th grade student-athletes, with limited programs available to 6th grade student-athletes. 5th grade student-athletes may participate in competitive chess. More information can be found in the 2017-2018 Athletic Handbook
CCAL Program:
2017-2018 Season Dates:
More Information:
Basketball – Boys
October 9th – December 8th
Click Here
Basketball – Girls
December 11th – February 16th
Click here
Cheerleading
Entire School Year
Click Here
Chess
Late October – April
Click Here
Cross Country
August 14th – October 23rd
Click Here
Football
August 7th – October 4th
Click Here
Matchwits
Late October – April
Click Here
Soccer – Boys
August 14th – October 4th
Click here
Soccer – Girls
March 20th – May 12th
Click here
Track and Field
March 20th – May 12th
Click here
Volleyball – Girls
August 14th – October 6th
Click Here
Junior Lynx Program:
Monument Academy will indirectly support competitive programs for our 5th and 6th grade student-athletes. We may need to limit the number of participants on Junior Lynx teams depending on the turnout for each program, and the number of available coaches. If there are more student-athletes interested in participating than we have resources to accommodate we will hold tryouts. Monument Academy will facilitate arranging program coaches, assembling Junior Lynx school teams, and entering them into appropriate, grade level competitive leagues hosted by outside organizations. Competitive events may be held during the week, and on Saturdays.  More information can be found in the 2017-2018 Athletic Handbook
Junior Lynx Program:
2017-2018 Season Dates:
More Information:
Basketball – Boys
October 23rd – December 16th
Click Here
Basketball – Girls
January 8th – March 10th
Click here
Volleyball – Girls
August 28th – October 14th
Click Here
How Do I Sign Up?
Signing up for an athletic program is loosely a 3-step process.
1. We announce to the students in school that programs are coming up, and that there are sign-up sheets available for them to put their names on if they think they might be interested.
2. Based on the sign-up sheets, Monument Academy coaches will contact parents of those students to introduce themselves. 
3. Finally, should the parents agree with the student choices, they can register for a program online. 
For early fall programs, student-athletes place their names on the sign-up sheets before the end of the previous school year, the coaches communicate with the parents during the summer, and optional summer workouts are held for some programs. We are now accepting registrations online for early fall programs. If a student is new to the school, or has only recently decided that they are interested in participating in one of our programs there is NO PROBLEM, this is typical at the beginning of a new school year! Simply visit the specific program of interest on our website by visiting www.monumentacademy.net, hovering your mouse pointer over the “MA Athletics” tab and selecting the program you are interested in.
You will find contact information for the head coach on each program’s landing page. Simply send the coach an e-mail alerting them to your interest, and show up on the first day of practice/tryouts with a completed online registration, or a valid athletic physical in hand!  For programs that do not hold tryouts, late arrivals are OK, but there are situations where a certain number of practice sessions must be attended before a student-athlete can compete. Contact the Athletic Director at mventicinque@monumentacademy.net if you have any questions.
Student Athletic Handbook
Parents and students wishing to participate in Monument Academy Athletics are required to read and sign the Student Athletic Handbook.  The Student Athletic Handbook contains information regarding:
Expectations for personal conduct and eligibility
General procedures for meetings, practice, games, transportation, and communication
Information about available programs, fees, and equipment
Click here to download the Student Athletic Handbook for 2017-2018
Parents, for a light-hearted look at a serious issue, please watch this short video clip from our partners at the Positive Coaching Alliance!
Concussion Baseline Evaluation
Concussion awareness in athletics has improved over the years as more people begin to realize the seriousness of such injuries. Monument Academy has a concussion protocol that follows recommendations of the CDC. In addition to this protocol, Performance Pediatrics at the Human Performance Rehabilitation Center offers a Concussion Baseline Testing service as an aid to diagnose concussions, and evaluate the progress of an athlete that has suffered a concussion. If you would be interested in this type of service for your athlete, please visit 
www.pphpr.com
 to schedule a screening.
Game Day Attire / Athletic Spirit Wear & Orders
Game uniforms/jerseys may be worn on the day of an athletic event. Students must wear either uniform attire, or a white shirt underneath jerseys and uniforms. Monument Academy approved Spirit Wear can be worn on MA Spirit Wear days only.
Coaches Needed:
Good coaches are a vehicle by which our children learn the life and athletic skills necessary to grow.  Often our coaches are also parents of children that attend Monument Academy, and as they grow up and move on, so do some of our coaches.  Occasionally we will have openings for those that are interested in coaching. If you might have interest in coaching one of our sports, please contact the Athletic Director via e-mail at 
mventicinque@monumentacademy.net
Questions:
Contact the Athletic Director at 719-481-1950, ext “1227”, or via 
email
Preschool
Policies & Procedures
Preschool Registration Packet
Preschool Tuition 2017
Questions & Answers
Preschool Curriculum
Core Knowledge FAQ
Sunscreen Authorization Form
Preschool Supply List 2017-2018
Elementary Links
Elementary School
Kindergarten Info
Kindergarten Schedule
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
Character First Resources
Elementary Directory
Middle School Links
Middle School
Middle School Course Information/Selection
Schedule Change Request
iPad Program FAQs
Curriculum
Language Arts Curriculum
National Junior Honor Society
Bell Schedule
Middle School Directory
Foreign Language Exemption Form
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login