Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Administration Directory
Don Griffin, PhD
Executive Director
Email
Phone Ext: 1701
Dr. Don Griffin was named Executive Director of Monument Academy in December 2010.  As Executive Director, he oversees all operations of the school, collectively with the appropriate administrative staff, including personnel, financial matters, facilities and operations, and other areas as requested by the Board.  Dr. Griffin is the sole employee of the Monument Academy Board of Directors and serves as the corporation’s Chief Operating Officer.
Currently, Dr. Griffin serves on the Leadership Program of the Rockies Board of Directors and was elected to the Delta Schools Board of Directors in 2014.  He has served on the Colorado League of Charter Schools Board of Directors, as well as the Parents Challenge Board of Directors. Dr. Griffin holds a Senior Faculty position with Novartis Pharmaceuticals and was an Adjunct Professor at the University of Southern California as well as the State of Florida Community College System.  Dr. Griffin is the Teaching Director for Community Bible Study’s Colorado Springs Evening Class and is one of the featured speakers for Community Bible Study’s National Leadership Conferences.
Previously, Dr. Griffin served as the President and CEO of The Schuck Foundation in Colorado Springs and is a nationally known business authority and author with more than 30 years of actual hands on senior management experience as a CEO. He is often sought after as an executive coach, strategic consultant, and communication expert.
Dr. Griffin’s educational background includes degrees in Industrial Psychology and Economics from the University of Tennessee and Middle Tennessee State University respectively.  He also earned a Doctor of Philosophy in Business Administration from California Western University.
Elizabeth Davis, Ed.D
Principal/Chief Academic Officer
Email
Phone Ext: 1702
Elizabeth Davis comes to Monument Academy with a wealth of experience in charter education.  She earned her B.A. in Political Science from Vassar College and her M.A. in Education from Claremont Graduate University.  Additionally, she has completed a Doctorate in Education in Leadership for Educational Equity from the University of Colorado at Denver. Dr. Davis completed her Principal’s Licensure through the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs.
Dr. Davis was the founding principal at Colorado Calvert Academy State Charter School and Academy Calvert Online School located in Academy School District 20.  She has served on a Legislative Task Force for Online Education which developed new statutory language around online education.  Additionally, Dr. Davis has served as an external consultant for the State of Colorado Charter School Institute where she reviewed charter school applications.  She also consults independently for charter schools in the areas of leadership, systems, and organizational development. Dr. Davis has spoken at local, state and national conferences, including the National Charter School Conference in 2015, as well as the International Society of Technology Education.
Julie Seymour
Dean Middle School
Email
Phone Ext: 1704
Mrs. Seymour is beginning her 9th year at Monument Academy. Prior to accepting the role of Dean of Students for Middle School, Mrs. Seymour taught at Monument Academy for 8 years as a preschool teacher and a sixth-grade science teacher where she served as team lead and science department lead. Prior to teaching at Monument Academy, she taught in both Aurora Public Schools and Douglas County Schools as a middle school science, English, and history teacher. Mrs. Seymour graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Education and a Master’s Degree in Curriculum and Instruction from The University of Kansas.
Julie is passionate about all things science-related and curriculum-related and she has a special place in her heart for the middle-school learner. She mentors students to compete in the Pikes Peak Regional Science Fair and Colorado State Science Fair and has sponsored various science-related clubs, including Girl’s STEM and Aerospace Club. Julie has led curriculum development at Monument Academy since 2015.
Charlie Richardson
Dean Elementary School
Email
Phone Ext: 1703
Mr. Richardson for the past two years has served as MA’s Vice Principal. He has been in education for 10 years, 9 of which have been at Monument Academy teaching 5th grade. Mr. Richardson was elected by his peers to serve as the Teacher Representative for Elementary grades to the Board from 2013-2015.  Several of our current teachers were student teachers under Mr. Richardson’s mentorship.
Prior to entering education, Mr. Richardson spent 22 years as part of the Corporate Leadership Team for a leading automotive parts supplier.
Nancy Tive, CPA
Director of Finance
Email
Phone Ext: 1705
Nancy Tive was appointed as Monument Academy’s Senior Accountant in 2009.  She currently serves as the Director of Finance for the school and on the board of directors of Monument Academy Building Corporation.  Prior to joining Monument Academy, Nancy served as the Accounting Supervisor for Lewis-Palmer District 38.  She has also had governmental accounting experience in four Denver area municipalities, as well as auditing experience while employed at a Lakewood, Colorado CPA firm.
Nancy attends the Colorado Department of Education’s Financial Policies and Procedures meetings every year to stay abreast of public school finance issues and completes at least 80 hours of continuing professional education required for CPAs bi-annually.
Mrs. Tive’s educational background includes a B.S. in Accounting from Regis University, as well as an M.B.A. with an emphasis in Finance and Accounting from Regis University.  She also holds an active Colorado CPA license.
Sherry Buzzell
Director of Human Resources
Email
Phone Ext: 1706
Sherry Buzzell has been employed at Monument Academy since 2005 and is currently the Director of Human Resources.  Sherry has a Bachelor’s Degree in Organization Management and Human Resources from Colorado Christian University. Prior to coming to Monument Academy , Sherry worked for the Colorado Springs Police Department as a police officer for 12 years before staying home for four years with her three daughters, all of whom attended Monument Academy from Kindergarten through 8th grade. Sherry is a native of Colorado and married to her wonderful husband, Steve, also a Colorado native.  In her spare time she enjoys reading, hiking, and spending time with her family.
Steve Kindermann
 Administrative Assistant to Principal
Email
Phone Ext: 1707
Steven J. Kindermann served 26 years in the USAF as a trumpet soloist and leader–20 years with the premier military music organization, The United States Air Force Academy Band. During his USAF Academy Band career, he performed nationally and in Canada and Poland. Steve performed with the Dallas Symphony Orchestra, Opera and Bach Society, The Dayton Ohio Symphony, The Denver Brass, and was a member of the Springfield, Ohio Symphony and The Dallas Cowboys’ Band. He performed with notable music artists such as Al Hirt, Tony Bennett, Doc Severinsen, Babby Mason, and Henry Mancini. His primary teachers include Tom Booth, Phil Collins, and Bill Pfund. Steve performs with the Colorado Brass Arts Group, The Chamber Orchestra of the Springs, The Monument Hill Brass, The American Patriots Jazz Orchestra , and regularly performs with the Colorado Springs Philharmonic. He holds a Bachelor of Music Degree in trumpet Performance from Southern Methodist University and actively mentors and teaches younger musicians in the Colorado Springs area. Steve and Lisa have been married 28 years. They have a son, Tyler (24) studying at Beeson Seminary in Alabama, and a daughter, Lanae, studying at Pikes Peak Community College with a goal to be a Play Therapist. He enjoys radio controlled models and spending time in the mountains. Steve Loves God and has a passion for drawing others closer to God.
Amy Zarkovacki
Director of Admissions
Email
Phone Ext: 1710
Amy Zarkovacki has been a part of the MA family for the last 21 years. She has been employed at MA for 14 years with twelve of those years being spent in the position of Monument Academy Registrar.
Amy was born and raised in Southern California and moved to Colorado in 1992. She is married and has two adult children who attended Monument Academy for their K-8th grade years. She enjoys time with her family, boating, running, crocheting, sun and sand.
Chandy Buckingham
Assistant Registrar
Email
Phone Ext: 1710
Chandy Buckingham has been Monument Academy’s Assistant Registrar since 2016. She has been an active part of MA for 5 years, volunteering and substitute teaching. She has a Bachelor’s Degree in Liberal Arts with a minor in Political Science from Colorado State University.
She has been married since 2003. She has three children, all attending Monument Academy. Chandy enjoys spending time with her family and menagerie of animals, cooking, gardening and horseback riding.
Carol Skinner
Director of Instruction and Evaluation
Email
Phone Ext: 1708
Carol Skinner is beginning her 14th year at Monument Academy where she will be serving as the Director of Instruction and Evaluation.  Carol received her undergraduate degree from The University of Alabama and earned her teaching certificate and Master of Arts degree in Curriculum and Instruction from UCCS.  Carol’s passion is for helping teachers reach their full potential and she enjoys helping first year teachers adjust to Monument Academy.  Carol is the mom of Cleone and Cydney and enjoys running, hiking, reading, and watching British T.V. shows.
Karen McKeown
Business Office Administrative Assistant
Email
Phone Ext: 1711
Karen McKeown has worked for over a decade in education – both as a para and a teacher in various grade levels. She received a B.A. from U.C. Davis in Economics with a minor in Organizational Studies and earned her teaching credential from Cal State Hayward. Karen and her family have been a part of the MA family since 2006. She and her husband, Jay, have 2 teenage boys. She loves to read, enjoy coffee with friends, camp, hike and spend time with her family. Her new position of Business Office Administrative Assistant allows her to combine her love for education with her enjoyment of administrative work and helping others.
Julie Shook
Business Manager
Email
Phone Ext: 1709
Julie has been the Business Manager at MA for ten years. She graduated from the University of Oklahoma. She is married with two children. She enjoys reading, decorating, hiking and hanging out with family and friends.
Julie Ritschard
Front Office / Administrative Assistant to Athletic Director
Email
Phone Ext: 1100
Julie Ritschard has been living in Colorado since 2002. She has manned the front desk of Monument Academy for over 10 years. She attended Northern Arizona University working toward a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and Engineering.
Julie grew up in Southern California and worked at Disneyland. She is married with grown children. She has a second business of raising Suri alpacas. She enjoys ranching, working with alpaca yarn and quilting.
Sara Molsen
Front Office / Administrative Assistant to Executive Director
Email
Phone Ext: 1234
Sara has been a part of Monument Academy as a parent for 8 years and as a substitute for the past few years! She has a Bachelor’s degree in Organizational Leadership and brings many years of office experience to the Front Desk position. She is a happy wife and mother of 5 boys; 3 are current MA students. Sara and her family have lived in Colorado for 11 years. When she’s not smiling at the guests at Monument Academy, she enjoy’s hiking, many cups of coffee and family game night.
Janice Latendresse
Director of Health Services
Email
Phone Ext: 1210
Janice Latendresse has been the school nurse for Monument Academy since 2012. She brings with her over 30 years of nursing experience. Janice holds a Master of Science degree in Nursing from Grand Canyon University. She is a nationally board certified School Nurse and is adjunct faculty at UCCS.
Janice has 2 grown daughters. She moved to Colorado in 2000 and enjoys spending time in the mountains hiking and fishing with her golden retriever, Charlie.
Jessica Coote
Director - ESS
Email
Phone Ext: 1316
Born in New Zealand, Jessica Coote has been given the opportunity to teach both in America and abroad after studying education and earning her teaching degree and licensure at the University of Northern Colorado.  Over recent years traveling between the two countries, Ms. Coote has expanded her toolbox of approaches and practices to better educate all children.  She has worked with students of all ages and abilities in a variety of schools.  Ms. Coote has been teaching at Monument Academy since 2014 and has been a part of the school since its opening in 1996.  On her off time, Ms. Coote loves to read, hike, and adventure!
Karen Michael
Director of Literacy & Intervention
Email
Karen Michael is excited to be part of the Monument Academy learning community as the Director of Literacy and Intervention. She earned her B.A. in Social Science/Elementary Education from the University of Northern Colorado and her M.A. in Educational Technology from Lesley University.  Additionally, Mrs. Michael completed her Principal Licensure through Adams State University.
Prior to accepting the position at MA, Mrs. Michael has been an Assistant Principal, Administrative Teacher on Special Assignment, School Assessment Coordinator, Technology Director, MTSS Coordinator, 504 Coordinator, Gifted and Talented Coordinator, Data Analysis Leader as well as taught the various grades first through fourth all within the beautiful state of Colorado.
Outside of teaching she enjoys hiking, exploring the Colorado mountains, traveling, and watching the various professional sports that Denver offers with her family.
Jim Cunningham
Counselor
Email
Phone Ext: 1722
Jim Cunningham is the school counselor and has been with Monument Academy since 2013. He is a licensed school counselor and a licensed professional counselor candidate. He is on the Colorado School Counselor Association board and an adjunct professor at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs (UCCS).
He holds Masters Degrees in Counseling from UCCS and Public Relations from the University of Florida.
Jim retired from the Air Force in 2013 after a 24-year career. He is married and has a son and daughter.
Email
Carrie Howarth
Counselor
Email
Phone Ext: 1721
Carrie started volunteering in the counseling department at Monument Academy in 2015 and presently is the school’s Social Worker. She received her bachelor’s degree from the University of West Florida in Psychology, Master’s degree in social work from the University of Texas San Antonio, and is a licensed Social Worker with the state of Colorado. Carrie brings many years of experience and enthusiasm to the students and staff at Monument Academy. She has a long history working with children and adolescents in the areas of crisis intervention, running elementary and middle school groups, developing, and maintaining mental health programs. Her focus has been on anger management and suicide awareness as well as working with high-risk adolescents and teaching them social and life skills.
Carrie has been married since 1999, she and her husband have 5 daughters with 4 of them attending Monument Academy and the other previously acting in a teaching capacity. They have been a part of the military community for the last 19 years, have lived in many places and are happy to call Monument home! Carrie enjoys hiking, skiing, traveling, watching her girls play soccer, basketball, gymnastics, cheer, and track while creating lasting memories with family and friends.
Heather Brown
School Psychologist
Email
Traci Trimbach
Director of Educational Technology
Email
Phone Ext: 1715
Traci Trimbach has been in education since 1997. She has been at Monument Academy since 2010. Before taking her current position as Director of Educational Technology, she was the middle school technology teacher and yearbook advisor. Both her Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees were earned from Colorado Christian University.
Traci grew up in Colorado Springs and has lived most of her life in Colorado, except for a five-year exile in southern California. She is married and has one daughter. She enjoys many outdoor activities and loves being in the mountains as much as possible.
Patricia Ross
Technology and Media Support Specialist
Email
Phone Ext: 1215
Marty Venticinque
 Athletics Director/Assessment Coordinator
Email
Phone Ext: 1227
Marty Venticinque was born in Chicago but has lived in Colorado since 1995. He received a Bachelor’s Degree of Science from the Metropolitan State College of Denver with a major in Meteorology, and a minor in Mathematics. During college, Marty began working as a Student Assistant at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in Boulder, Colorado, and upon graduating was hired as an Associate Scientist. During the summer of 1999, he began working as a Meteorologist for KRDO-TV in Colorado Springs. In August of 2014 he began working at Monument Academy and currently serves as the Athletic Director and Assessment Coordinator. Marty has 3 children, all of whom began attending Monument Academy in kindergarten. In his spare time Marty runs his kids to their activities, works around the house, and enjoys being outdoors.
Amy Torrence
Communications & Marketing Specialist
Email
Vinnie DeVincenzo
Facilities Director
Email
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login