Top
Navigation
Monument Academy
Discovering greatness in every child.
1150 Village Ridge Pt.
Monument CO, 80132
Phone: (719) 481-1950
Fax: (719) 481-1948
Attendance Email
Home
Main Menu
About Us
Philosophy
FAQs
Monument Academy  Proud
Staff Directory
Administration Directory
Preschool Directory
Elementary Directory
Middle School Directory
ESS Directory
School Board
Board Members & Committees
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan
Board Policies
School Accountability Advisory Committee (SAAC)
Contact The Board
State Board of Education Waivers
Contact Us
Map/Directions To MA
Reporting Your Student Absent or Requesting Early Release
Schools
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Enrollment
Parent Info
School Supply Lists
Assessment Information
General Information – Assessment Calendar
Assessment Refusal – Frequently Asked Questions
Assessment Refusal Instructions
Online Assessment Refusal Form
NWEA Sample & CMAS/PARCC Practice Tests
PTO
Carpool Request Form
Statement on Core Knowledge
School Counselor
Counselor Resources
Counseling Tips
Curriculum Map
Student Health
Your Child Struggling?
Uniform Policy
Handbook and Forms
Gifted & Talented
Library
Reading Counts
Reading Counts Quiz Link
Infinite Campus Signup
Canvas – Parent Log-In
Safety & Security
Free/Reduced Lunch Application
Teacher/Staff Appreciation Ideas
Calendar
2017-2018 School Calendar
2018-2019 School Calendar
MA Athletics
Athletics Home Page
Athletic Registration / Forms
Central Colorado Athletic League (CCAL) Website
CCAL Programs
Basketball – Boys
Basketball – Girls
Cheerleading Squad
Competitive Chess
Cross Country
Football
Matchwits
Soccer – Boys
Soccer – Girls
Track & Field
Volleyball – Girls
Junior Lynx Programs
Jr. Lynx Poms Team
Junior Lynx Basketball – Boys
Junior Lynx Basketball – Girls
Junior Lynx Volleyball – Girls
MA Athletic Spiritwear Store
Physical Education Exemption Form
Staff Links
Staff Webmail Access
Lockdown Link
Purchase Approval Request Form
Staff Infinite Campus Access
Staff Canvas Access
Staff Leave Request
Staff NWEA Access
Time Sheets for Hourly Employees
Professional Development Sign-In
MA Canvas login link
SDS login
Special Events Request
Facility Request Form
Return to Content
Preschool Directory
Sarah Hall
Preschool Director / Teacher Hall
Email
Phone Ext: 1503
Sarah Hall, has been working with children in one educational capacity or another since 2007. After graduating cum laude from Texas Christian University, she worked to coordinate an Adopt-A-School program for a healthcare corporation. Other experiences include becoming a certified music and movement educator, as well as working to plan and implement curriculum in three different zoos.
Sarah has worked at Monument Academy since 2010 and as the Preschool Director since 2012. She enjoys singing, reading, sewing, hiking and attempting to keep up with her three children! She believes that a child’s first school experience should be fun, and relishes puddles on rainy days, messy painting projects, and crawling around on the floor with her classes!
April Reish
Preschool Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1206
April Reish graduated from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, with a degree in English and Education and later earned a Masters’ Degree in Education from UT. (By the way, she attended UT during the time Peyton Manning was going to school there—and playing football—as well!) She taught first and third grade in Tennessee and after moving to Colorado, taught college level English at Pueblo Community College. While her children were younger, April stayed home with my own preschool and home day care business. She has taught for several years at Monument Academy, and is excited to spend time doing one of the things she loves most…teaching and working with young children!
April’s husband, Sean, and her were high school sweethearts. They have two children named Adam and Julia, and both children have attended Monument Academy. They also have two dogs, Estes and Monkey, and in their free time enjoy hiking, camping, playing board games and watching movies together.
Kelli Rankin
Preschool Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1204
I have three children of my own, one who currently attends Monument Academy and two at Palmer Ridge HS. In addition to teaching, I have years of experience as a coach, certified youth fitness trainer and youth programs activities director. I began working in the preschool program at Monument Academy in 2011, and believe in building upon strengths and emphasizing the positive.
Kate Gosling
Preschool Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1206
Kate Gosling, sometimes known as “Mother Goose”, graduated from Whitworth University in Spokane, WA with a B.A. in Elementary Education, and received my M.A. in Education from City University in Seattle, WA. I have been teaching young children in various settings, including kindergarten and 1st grade classrooms since 1990. Teaching children at the early preschool level is my passion and I can’t imagine anything better! It is such a privilege and pleasure to be working with our youngest learners at MA.
My husband, Mark, and I have been married since 2003. We have two children who joined our family through adoption from Russia in 2007, and both of them are middle school students at MA.
Christine Hopkins
Preschool Teacher & Para
Email
Phone Ext: 1204
Christine Hopkins has been at MA since 2010.
Victoria Ryan
Preschool Teacher
Email
Phone Ext: 1206
My husband, Alex, and I were married in 2013, and we have two amazing sons! I have been working with children for since 2010 in one capacity or another and achieved my degree and licensure in Early Childhood Education from the University of Northern Colorado. Children have always been my passion and I am so thankful for this opportunity.
Jennifer Miller
Preschool Para
Email
Trixie Roy
Preschool Para
Email
Suzanne (Skye) Derge
Preschool Para
Email
Becky Clabaugh
Preschool Para
April Crews
Preschool Para
Awards
John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner
The Colorado Department of Education has announced that for the 12th consecutive year Monument Academy has been named a John Irwin School of Excellence Award Winner.  
This prestigious award is given to the top 8% of Colorado Public Schools. Schools that demonstrate excellent academic achievement “exceeding” expectations on the state’s academic achievement indicator are recognized.
Financial Transparency
 Financial Transparency Information
Amazon Smile
 Login to Amazon
 through the MA landing page, and the school receives money back from Amazon, at no extra cost to you. 
Monument Academy Apps
The best way to stay in touch with the latest happenings at MA while on the go. Push notifications, News and Events. Free to download and ad free!
© 2018 Monument Academy. All Rights Reserved. 
website and apps
 by BlueTreeApps | 
Login