Home
About Our School
How to Enroll
Academics
Character Building - M7
Student Testing Schedule
Parent Involvement
Special Education
School Pledge
Student Conduct / Dress
Volunteers & Vistors
Board Members
Useful Resources
Summer Day Camp
Rocket Sports Program
F.A.Q.
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Staff Email
 Ohio 2012
 School Rating
Open House: August 21, 2017
First day of school: August 23, 2017
Welcome to Millennium
 Millennium Community School is proud to have the opportunity to service the educational needs of the community. Students are exposed to a variety of experiences that are created in order to enrich them in their development throughout the school year as well as mature him/her into a stellar student. The goal of the faculty and staff members of Millennium Community School is to provide an educational experience that will produce positive leaders of the future. 
 Staff members work enthusiastically to create positive relationships with the students and their parents. As the 14th year of service  approaches, Millennium   Community School  continues to offer a safe and cohesive learning environment. The academic  curricular continues to expand to an exceptional standard of learning that will  position all students for greatness in their futures.   
Unity is an important component to success here at Millennium Community School.  In order to provide an environment that will successfully improve student  success, the facility is comprised of three academic communities; K-1st,  2nd-5th, and 6th-8th grades. Each  community will function as an independently operated academic entity, with an  Academic Architect as a leader. The Academic Architect will assist with guiding  curricular, disciplinary measures, and increase in academic achievement in  order to ensure each student’s success within his/her community. 
The new approach has the following attributes:
    - Creating cultural and enrichment experiences for students
    - A data motivated environment to measure and increase students’ academic performance
    - The celebration of every success, recognizing students and school-wide accomplishments each month.
    - Monitoring discipline and quickly resolving matters not conducive to the learning environment
    - Building an organization with improved processes to achieve effectiveness and efficiencies throughout.
To this end, Millennium Community School staff members, along with the parents and community members will continue to strive            to make what has become better, become the best. In order for our students to be successful, our expectations will be extremely high and our results will be extraordinary. 
Sincerely,
Millennium Community School
3500 Refugee Rd.
            Columbus, OH 43232
            614-255-5585 (P)
            614-255-5580 (F)
Go Rockets!
Home
 | 
Contact Web Master
 | 
Privacy & Security 
| Business Practices 
© Copyright 2016.  Millennium Community School is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). 