Home
About Our School
How to Enroll
Academics
Character Building - M7
Student Testing Schedule
Parent Involvement
Special Education
School Pledge
Student Conduct / Dress
Volunteers & Vistors
Board Members
Useful Resources
Summer Day Camp
Rocket Sports Program
F.A.Q.
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Staff Email
 Ohio 2012
 School Rating
Parent Involvement
      Providing a better education for our children requires a close working relationship among parents, administrators, teachers, students, and the community. At Millennium Community School, we have an open door policy. Therefore, you are able to visit your child's classroom at anytime to observe. By following a few 
guidelines 
, there are many opportunities as a parent to participate in your child's education. 
      Parent/Teacher Conferences 
      Parent/Teacher conferences are held three times each year. During these established times, parents, guardians and/or caregivers are encouraged to schedule a conference. Informal conferences, which must be scheduled be the teacher, can be held before or after school or during the teacher's classroom special period. Please call, email or write your child's teacher to schedule an appointment. 
      Room Parents 
      We want to duplicate success and focus everyone's time and energy on what works. We are asking for parents to join other parents and teachers in coordinating classroom activities and efforts. Contact your child's teacher for more information. 
      PTA Membership 
      We invite all parents to become involved with their child's classroom and the many exciting activities offered at MCS. Administrators, teachers and the community members are also encouraged to join. The PTA meets the 2nd Tuesday of each month in the school cafeteria at 6:30pm. 
      Title I Parental Involvement 
      Parents are encouraged to participate in the development and structure of Title I activities and to be kept informed about programs in which their children belong. Two-way communication, both verbal and written, provides a sound base for a good partnership between the school and home to provide an effective educational program for all students. 
Home
 | 
Contact Web Master
 | 
Privacy & Security 
| Business Practices 
© Copyright 2016.  Millennium Community School is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). 