Flagstaff Junior Academy
Free Public Charter — Pre-K through 8th
Home
Children’s House
Elementary School
Middle School
Special Education
Before/After Care
Photo Gallery
Informational Video
Follow Us on Facebook
Snow Schedule
News & Announcements
Calendar/Events
Photo Gallery
Contact Us
Home
Children’s House
Elementary School
Middle School
Special Education
Before/After Care
Tax Donation Form
Calendar/Events
Contact Us
About FJA
Director’s Corner
Mission/Philosophy
The Montessori Approach
Experiential Learning
Watch an FJA Video to Learn More
Mindfulness
FJA Teacher of the Year Video
FJA Catalina Island Video
FJA Watershed Summer Camp
Employment at FJA
PBIS
Our School Report Card
Parent Resources
Summer Camp
Enrollment Application
Registration Paperwork
Enrollment Resources
AzMerit Information
Children’s House Information
Parent Involvement
Parent Teacher Group
McKinney-Vento Act.
Homeless Policy
Move On When Reading
Student Policies
FJA Family Business Directory
Expect More Arizona
Engrade
Arizona Department of Education YouTube Channel
Athletics
Mountain Biking Club
Faculty/Staff
Elementary Campus
Middle School Campus
District Staff
Contact Us
Governance
Board Application
Board Information
FJA Budget
FERPA
Board Members
link to engrade
donate to FJA
FJA
 > 
Parent Resources
 > Summer Camps
FJA SUMMER CAMPS 2018
Please contact the instructors (listed below) with any curriculum questions. To reserve a spot in a camp, and to pay the fee, please contact the FJA Cedar campus office at 774-6007 or walk-in. Thank you.
Click to download: 
Summer Camp Information 2018
FJA Summer Camp Information 2018
Guitar Camp
What: This camp is for any middle school student (including 4th graders who will be going into 5th grade) interested in the guitar! This camp is meant to be a fun learning environment where the students learn the basics of the guitar and take home the ability to play at least a couple simple songs. If there are more experienced students, learning songs will extend to playing in a group with other students, in addition to refining your guitar technique.
Where: FJA’s Middle School Bonito Campus in the Guitar Room (room to the left of the stage in the gym)
When: Monday – Friday June 4 – 8th: 8:30 AM – 11:30 AM.
Who: Matt Bingham 
mattbingham@fjacademy.com
Cost: $175 for the whole week. Guitar rental or purchase: FJA has 3 guitars which you are welcome to use for the week (these are nylon string, classical style guitars). If you would like to rent or buy your own, Arizona Music Pro rents guitars for $15 a month or you can buy one for around $150. Mention it’s for a school camp to get this price.
Mountain Biking Camp
 This camp is pending Coconino National Forest being open in June if fire conditions allow. Therefore, payment will not be accepted yet. 
What: Explore Flagstaff’s outdoors and take yourself to the next level in this mountain biking camp, open to all levels.  Campers will develop their biking skills, learn how to share the trail, and make friends as we ride many of the best local single-track trails. Ages 10-14 (flexible at discretion of camp director), junior counselors 14-17 at no fee (at discretion of camp director)
Where: Mondays at Ross classroom on Bonito Campus; Tuesdays through Fridays at area trailheads.
When: Weeks of June 4, 11, 18, and 25th; 9 am-3 pm
Who: Neil Ross 
neilross@fjacademy.com
Cost: $175/week, $40/day for veterans (at director’s discretion)   Bicycle rental $5/day
FJA Day Camp
What: This camp is available to any and all students who enjoy a variety of activities.  Each week will have a general theme:  Water play, sports, gardening/botany, and art.  We will spend our days taking care of the school garden, going on walking field trips close to campus, playing on the playground, doing yoga, dancing, preparing basic foods, and working on projects including papier-mâché creatures, personal veggie pots, origami, painting, and more in a positive and creative environment. Ages 5-10.
Where: FJA Cedar Campus, 306 W Cedar Ave
When:  June 4th – June 29th, Monday – Friday, 8:30-3:30
Who: Shawna Heinsius 
shawnaheinsius@fjacademy.com
Cost: $4/hr (drop in)
Piano Rock Camp
What: This camp is open to any middle school student interested in the piano! Students with no experience, as well as students with any level of experience, beginning through advanced, are welcome to attend. We will be learning about the inner workings of the different types of pianos. We will be taking the piano apart to learn more about how each component works, and I will be demonstrating how it is tuned and maintained. Students will learn the necessary fundamentals of playing the piano, or further develop their existing skills. Students will be learning to play popular songs together, and music will be tailored to each student’s individual level. Music games will be played each day to reinforce learned concepts of keyboard geography, note reading, and listening! This camp will be a blast and each student will leave with the ability to play a couple of rockin’ songs on the piano!  Open to 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th graders.
Where: Bonito Campus; 755 N Bonito St
When: June 11-15th, 8:30 am – 12:00 pm
Who: Stephanie Kolacki; 
stephaniepage@fjacademy.com
Cost: $125
Note: FJA has a number of keyboards available for this camp. Students do not need to own a piano or a keyboard to attend. However, spots may be limited due to the limited number of keyboards!
STEM Camp for Girls
What: Are you between 3rd-5th grade, interested in learning about Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math, STEM? OR are you in 6th-8th grade, excited to learn more about STEM and be a mentor? If so, then this camp is for you!  We will spend the week doing hands-on activities, collaborating and empowering each other as a group, getting curious about the natural environment, and having fun! The last day of camp, we will take a field trip to the Science Center in Phoenix.  The camp will max out at 27 participants, sign up soon! We’re excited to explore STEM with you! Girls in 3rd– 5th grade as participants.  Girls who have completed 6th-8th grade as mentors.
Where: Bonito Campus
When: June 25th -29th, Mon. – Thurs. 8:00-12:15, Fri. 7:45 am -6:00 pm
Who: Stephanie Jackson, 
stephaniejackson@fjacademy.com
Cost: $150
Exploring Arizona’s Watersheds
What:  We are looking for 12 adventurous students who are interested in learning about Arizona’s watersheds, how they are used as natural resources, the recreational opportunities they provide, and action needed to preserve them. During the five days, we will be exploring Northern Arizona through day trips to Lake Powell, Lee’s Ferry, Oak Creek, Verde River, and McHood Reservoir. Expect to record your adventure through a field journal filled with facts and art!  Each day will start at 7am and end between 5-6pm. . For course continuity and success, students are expected to attend the entire five days and pay the fee of $400. We are looking forward to exploring Northern Arizona with your student this summer!   Students who have completed 6th-8th grade are eligible.
Where:  Meet at bonito Campus
When: Thursday, June 14th – Monday, June 18th  7:00 am – 5:00 or 6:00 pm
Who: Tony Cola, 
tonycola@fjacademy.com
 or Stephanie Jackson, 
stephaniejackson@fjacademy.com
Cost: $400
Spanish Camp
What:  This camp is for any middle school student (6th – 8th grade) interested in improving their proficiency in Spanish! This camp is meant to be a fun learning environment where the students review the basics of Spanish and have several key phrases that they can take on any vacation or when speaking with family, friends, and people in the community. This week long camp will include a trip to a local restaurant, speaking with native speakers, learning about the different countries and associated cultures, and using a wide variety of dialogues and conversation to learn and reinforce vocabulary and grammar techniques. In conjunction with music, film, and newspapers, students will have lots of real life practice in an engaging and fun way.
Where: Bonito Campus
When: June 11-15 and/or June 18-22; 12:30pm-4:30pm
Who: Caitlin Peterson, 
caitlinpeterson@fjacademy.com
Cost: $150/week
Basketball Camp
What: Kids will build confidence while improving fundamental basketball skills such as ball handling, shooting, passing, pivoting, cutting, offensive spacing, and defense (man-to-man, help side, and 2-3 zone). We will also do a lot of scrimmaging during the week. Footwork and agility will be incorporated, as will running drills to build proper form and body weight strength training. They will have an extra edge on their competition during the league, and they will be able to apply what they have learned in games.
Age: 7-17 years old
Dates: June 4th – 8th, June 11th – 15th
Time:9:00 am -2:00 pm
Location: Bonito Campus gym
Cost: (Includes shirt.)
One week – $175
Questions and Further Information: Coach Kiki 928-853-0014 Coach Nate Joe-928-266-8784
Notes: Walk In For Camps Is Allowed, BUT if you pay by May 23rd the fee is $150 (for one camp). If your child is going to do the package the fee is $350 if paid full by May 23rd
Website development by 
FlagstaffConnection.com
 • Website design by 
MaryWilliamsDesign.com
 © 2014 All Rights Reserved.