Flagstaff Junior Academy
Free Public Charter — Pre-K through 8th
Home
Children’s House
Elementary School
Middle School
Special Education
Before/After Care
Photo Gallery
Informational Video
Follow Us on Facebook
Snow Schedule
News & Announcements
Calendar/Events
Photo Gallery
Contact Us
Home
Children’s House
Elementary School
Middle School
Special Education
Before/After Care
Tax Donation Form
Calendar/Events
Contact Us
About FJA
Director’s Corner
Mission/Philosophy
The Montessori Approach
Experiential Learning
Watch an FJA Video to Learn More
Mindfulness
FJA Teacher of the Year Video
FJA Catalina Island Video
FJA Watershed Summer Camp
Employment at FJA
PBIS
Our School Report Card
Parent Resources
Summer Camp
Enrollment Application
Registration Paperwork
Enrollment Resources
AzMerit Information
Children’s House Information
Parent Involvement
Parent Teacher Group
McKinney-Vento Act.
Homeless Policy
Move On When Reading
Student Policies
FJA Family Business Directory
Expect More Arizona
Engrade
Arizona Department of Education YouTube Channel
Athletics
Mountain Biking Club
Faculty/Staff
Elementary Campus
Middle School Campus
District Staff
Contact Us
Governance
Board Application
Board Information
FJA Budget
FERPA
Board Members
link to engrade
donate to FJA
FJA
 > 
Parent Resources
 > Parent Teacher Group
FJA Parent-Teacher Group 
Mission – We, as parents, want to provide the best education for our children. We commit to enhance our children’s education by actively supporting our teachers by volunteering, offering our talents and services, and keeping communication open between teachers, students, staff, and parents. We encourage parents to help create the best education environment possible for our children.
Please join our email list and receive updates, summaries of our meetings, and volunteer opportunities. Email us at stevibax@fjacademy.com. We will not distribute or sell your email address to anyone, nor will you receive solicitations.
…
This year, we have a lot of events we need help with organizing and running. Below is a list of events and a short description. If you are interested in organizing an event, please let us know by emailing us at stevibax@fjacademy.com. Thank you!
This coming school year, FJA would like to emphasize parent & family involvement in our school. A few hours now and then really add up for our school. We want FJA to be a great experience for our children and families.
When parents are involved in their children’s education, students do better in school including increased math and reading skills, better test scores, higher grades, increased enrollment in higher level classes, and they have better social skills. Research has found this true regardless of income or background. Students also have higher rates of high school graduation and college attendance.
Your help is vital in the classroom and during special activities. We are asking each family to volunteer 15 hours during this school year. We understand the busy work and home schedules of all FJA families. Your family can be involved through a variety of ways and times, some during after school hours and some when it fits your schedule, including:
organizing Scholastic Book orders for your child’s class
volunteering in your child’s classroom
driving and/or chaperoning field trips
volunteer during a nighttime fundraiser (the Fall Festival, Parents Night Out, or the spring ShinDig event)
help at an evening Game Night
help at the Scholastic Book Fair
help during our Back-to-School Picnic, Teacher Appreciation Week, Grandparent’s Day or the year-end Talent Show
sign families up for eScrip (fundraising through Safeway)
count Box Tops for Education or Capri-Sun pouches
This year, we will have all families log their volunteer hours with their child’s teacher. ** This is an important new step for FJA as we will apply for state grants and corporate donations based on the hours our families volunteer for our school.
As the school year begins, please see your child’s teacher and ask how you can help your child’s class, or email the PTG at stevibax@fjacademy.com to help with our larger events. Please remember that FJA accepts cash donations throughout the year. Our office will give you a tax-deductible receipt.
Thank you for supporting the children and staff of Flagstaff Junior Academy!
CURRENT FUNDRAISING OPPORTUNITIES…
The REDcard. Here is how it works: When parents, teachers and other school supporters use their REDcard (Target Visa Credit Card, Target Credit Card, or Target Check Card), Target donates up to 1% of their purchases to their designated eligible K-12 school. The more people involved, the more FJA can earn. All you need is a REDcard to enroll and participate. Please 
enroll online
 or call 
1-800-316-6142
1-800-316-6142.
EScrip. Here is how it works: 
SIGN UP NOW
 for EScrip and earn money for FJA every time you shop at Safeway.
Call
Send SMS
Add to Skype
You’ll need Skype Credit
Free via Skype
Website development by 
FlagstaffConnection.com
 • Website design by 
MaryWilliamsDesign.com
 © 2014 All Rights Reserved.