Skip to content
Golden Rule Charter School
Home
About Us
Superintendent's Message
Our Mission
History
District Improvement Plan
Title I
Public Notice
Demographics
Staff
Academics
Intervention Programs
Special Education
Techlab
Admissions
Admission Policies
Admissions Process
Campuses
Illinois
DeSoto
Sunnyside
Pleasant Grove
Grand Prairie
Wilmer
Students
Activities
Athletics
Parents
General Information
School Year Calendar
Student Handbook
Cafeteria
Upcoming Events
After School Activities
Parental Involvement Connection
Photo Album
Videos
Human Resources
Contact Us
Admissions
			 » Admissions Process			
Admissions Process
To register your child in school, you will need:
1. An original or a certified copy of the child's birth certificate for kindergarten or first grade. (Child must be five on or before September 1 for kindergarten and six on or before September 1 for first grade.) A hospital or baptismal certificate may be used as a temporary certificate for a period not to exceed thirty school days.
2. Child's up-to-date immunization record.
3. Proof of residence such as a current telephone bill, City Public Service bill, lease contract or driver's license, if it includes the parent's name and the current address of their residence. Personalized checks or notarized statements are not acceptable.
4. Child's social security number.
Attendance Boundaries
All students who attend Golden Rule Schools, Inc. schools must reside within the approved geographic boundary area. Students are eligible to enroll in a school only if they reside in the approved geographic boundary area for that school. New students must show proof of residency.
The school requires evidence that a person is eligible to attend the public free schools of the school at the time it considers an application for admission of the person. The board or its designee shall establish minimum proof of occupancy acceptable to the school. Acceptable documents for verifying address include current utility bills, sales or lease agreements, driver's license, voter registration certificate, or other legal documents.
Enrollment
A child must be enrolled by the child's parent, guardian, or other person with legal control under a court order. The district shall record the name, address and date of birth of the person enrolling a child. A student must be identified by the student's legal surname as it appears on the student's birth certificate or other document suitable as proof of the student's identity, or in a court order changing the student's name.
Substitute for Parent or Guardian
The board may allow a person showing evidence of legal responsibility for a child other than an order of a court to substitute for a guardian or other person having lawful control of the child under court order.
Child in DPRS Possession
The district shall enroll a child without the required documentation if the Department of Protective and Regulatory Services (DPRS) has taken possession of the child. DPRS shall ensure that the required documentation is furnished to the District not later than the 30th day after the date the child is enrolled.
Students in Foster Care
A student placed in foster care by an agency of the state or a political subdivision, and whose foster parents reside in the district, shall be permitted to attend district schools free of any charge to the foster parents or to the agency. No durational residency requirement shall be used to prohibit such a student from fully participating in all activities sponsored by the district.
Texas Youth Commission
A school-age child of an employee of the Texas Youth Commission residing in an adjacent district may attend school in the district free of charge to his or her parents or guardian. Any tuition required by the district shall be paid by the district of the residence out of any funds appropriated to the facility by the legislature.
Military Dependents
The district may not charge tuition for the attendance of a student who is domiciled in another state and resides in military housing that is located in the district but is exempt from taxation by the district.
Expelled from Another District
If a student has been expelled from another school district, the expelling district shall provide to the district a copy of the expulsion order and the referral to the authorized officer of the juvenile court. The district in which the student enrolls may:
1. Continue the expulsion under the terms of the order;
2. Place the student in an alternative education program for the period specified by the expulsion order and or;
3. Allow the student to attend regular classes without completing the period of expulsion.
Immunization
The Texas Department of State Health Services requires parents to show proof of immunization before enrolling in a school facility. For more information regarding these vaccination requirements, please visit the Texas Department of State Health Services website at 
www.dshs.state.tx.us/immunize/school/default.shtm
.
The following nearby facilities provide vaccinations for Influenza;
Dallas County Health and Human Services
2377 N. Stemmons Freeway 
214-819-6070
Dallas Environmental and Health Services
1500 Marilla Street, Ste 7AN
214-670-5711
For more information regarding enrolling a new student, please call (214) 333-9330 or email us at admissions@goldencharter.org
Golden Rule Charter School
2602 W Illinois Ave Dallas, TX 75233Phone: (214) 333-9330 Fax: (214) 333-9325
Powered by Edlio