Pasadena Rosebud Academy
Home
About Us
Mission & Vision
Employment
Directions
Staff Directory
Photo Album
Links
Admissions
Enrollment Process
Preliminary Application
Curriculum
Programs
Common Core Standards
Lunch Program
2017-2018 Lunch Application
Local Wellness Policy
Free Summer Meals Program
Local Wellness
Students
Classes/Homework
Bell Schedules
Clubs & Activities
Student Handbook
Parents
Calendar
Parent Involvement
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Support PRA
Volunteer Opportunities
Governing Board
LCAP
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
LCAP 2015-2018
Donate
Enrollment
			 » Enrollment Information			
Enrollment Information
We offer tours on Wednesdays at 10:00. Download our preliminary application online.
Dear Prospective Parent(s)/Guardian(s),
Thank you for your interest in Pasadena Rosebud Academy. We realize that choosing the best educational setting for your child is extremely important to you and your family. Therefore, we have created an environment that demonstrates our commitment to a safe and welcoming community to all families. Our faculty and staff are dedicated to providing your child with a quality education. Each child will be held to high academic standards that will allow them to succeed in any secondary educational setting.
The academic success of students at Pasadena Rosebud Academy is strongly enhanced with parent involvement. We welcome and encourage parents to show their child how important education is by reading to them nightly and reinforcing classroom instruction at home. We strongly encourage parents to volunteer at the school site at least once a month. This will help to build a family-oriented school community.
W.B. Yeats once said, “Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.” With this quote in mind we have developed an ambitious curriculum that strives to ignite a fire in all our learners. To do this we feel it is import to embrace the myriad of cultures found in our community.
We look forward to being your partner in education.
The Pasadena Rosebud Academy Charter School is non-sectarian in its programs, admissions policies, employment practices, and all other operations, shall not charge tuition, and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, gender, or disability.
Pasadena Rosebud Academy has established an admissions application period from September –March. The school will fill vacancies or openings that become available after this process using either a waiting list or any other non-discriminatory process. An admissions lottery will be implemented in the event that the number of students seeking admission to any grade level exceeds capacity.
Prelimapp
									Enrollment Information								
Admissions Process
Contact Us
Pasadena Rosebud Academy
3544 N. Canon Blvd., Altadena, CA 91001
Phone: (626) 797-7704 Fax: (626) 797-0788 
Stay Connected
Search
En Español