Pasadena Rosebud Academy
Home
About Us
Mission & Vision
Employment
Directions
Staff Directory
Photo Album
Links
Admissions
Enrollment Process
Preliminary Application
Curriculum
Programs
Common Core Standards
Lunch Program
2017-2018 Lunch Application
Local Wellness Policy
Free Summer Meals Program
Local Wellness
Students
Classes/Homework
Bell Schedules
Clubs & Activities
Student Handbook
Parents
Calendar
Parent Involvement
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Support PRA
Volunteer Opportunities
Governing Board
LCAP
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
LCAP 2015-2018
Donate
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
The Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP) is a critical part of the new Local Control Funding Formula (LCFF).  
The local control funding formula (LCFF) was enacted in 2013–14, and it replaced the previous kindergarten through grade 12 finance system which had been in existence for about four decades.
Each school district or charter school must engage all stakeholders in creating the Local Control Accountability Plan. The plans describe the school district’s or charter school’s overall vision for students, annual goals and specific actions the school will take to achieve the vision and goals.  The plans also demonstrate how the school’s budget will help achieve the goals, and assess each year how well the strategies in the plan were able to improve outcomes.  The LCAP must focus on eight areas identified as state priorities.
The eight areas are:  
 Providing all students access to fully credentialed teachers, instructional materials that align with state standards, and safe facilities. 
 Implementation of California’s academic standards, including the Common Core State Standards in English language arts and math, Next Generation Science Standards, English language development, history social science, visual and performing arts, health education and physical education standards.
 Parent involvement and participation, so the local community is engaged in the decision-making process and the educational programs of students. 
 Improving student achievement and outcomes along multiple measures, including test scores, English proficiency and college and career preparedness. 
 Supporting student engagement, including whether students attend school or are chronically absent. 
 Highlighting school climate and connectedness through a variety of factors, such as suspension and expulsion rates and other locally identified means. 
 Ensuring all students have access to classes that prepare them for college and careers, regardless of what school they attend or where they live. 
 Measuring other important student outcomes related to required areas of study, including physical education and the arts. 
Contact Us
Pasadena Rosebud Academy
3544 N. Canon Blvd., Altadena, CA 91001
Phone: (626) 797-7704 Fax: (626) 797-0788 
Stay Connected
Search
En Español