Skip to main content
Boggs Educational Center
Our ultimate end must be the creation of the beloved community. Martin Luther King, Jr.
You are here
Home
 » 
About
FAQs
Is the Boggs School a charter school?
Yes. The Boggs School is a community-based charter school managed by a non-profit management organization, Nataki Educational Services, and authorized by Eastern Michigan University.
Are your teachers members of a union? 
Yes.  Our teachers and support staff are members of the Michigan Alliance of Charter Teachers and Staff (MI ACTS)/AFT/AFL-CIO. We are proud to be one of very few charter schools in Michigan with unionized staff and hope more schools will follow suit.
Will the Boggs School grow?
This year, we added an 8th Grade and are now a complete K-8 school. We may add students in Grades K-8 in the future, but Grade 8 will be our highest grade for the time being.
How can I get involved in the Boggs School?
We are thrilled when other people are excited about the Boggs School. A school is the property of a community, and we want you to contact us with your questions and suggestions.
Make sure to "like" our Facebook page - this is where we post opportunities to become involved in school events or contribute to school requests.
If you would like to volunteer, you can email Gabby Gesulgon at gesulgon@umich.edu.
We are also looking for help in stocking our supplies and materials for the fall. If you would like to help, our supply registry can be found 
HERE
. Items will be shipped directly to us. Thank you in advance!!
How can I make a donation? And will my donation be tax deductible?
The Boggs Educational Center Project Team is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization and your donation is tax-deductible. The easiest way to make a donation is to use the 
PayPal feature on our website
. You can also send a check made out to the Boggs Educational Center Project Team or "BECPT" to the address below. After you make a donation, you will receive a letter of gratitude that includes our tax i.d. number so that you can write off your donation.
Mailing address:
The Boggs School 
4141 Mitchell St.
Detroit MI 48207
How will my donation be used?
Your funds will go to a number of initiatives!  We are raising funds for classroom materials and books, field trips, arts programming, general operating costs, and facilities needs. We are also looking for larger-scale donors to help us expand our physical site to accommodate more students. Please contact us if you are interested in that conversation!
Home
About
Mission & Core Ideology
Location
Place-Based Education
School Calendar
Blog
Athletics
School Policies
FAQs
Contact Us
Who We Are
Grace and Jimmy
Board Members
Leadership
Teachers
Support Staff
Interns
Eastern Michigan University
In the News
Join Us!
Staff
Application Instructions
Family Tours
Application Policies
Progress
Board of Directors
Board Meeting Dates
Board Meeting Agendas
Board Meeting Minutes
Official Documents
Transparency
Donate!
Partnerships
AFT- Michigan
Mentor Schools
Community Partners
Franklin Wright Settlements
Support
Team Spotlights
Food
Apply to the Boggs School!
Our 2018-19 Open Application Period for students is April 1-30! See 
Application Instructions
 for details!
Donate to the Boggs School!
Please read our 
year-end letter
, complete with great give-aways, and consider making a donation! Our 
supply registry
 is open all year - we are grateful for any support you are able to provide!
What's New?
Many others are helping the Boggs School to tell its story. Read and view their 
journalistic and artistic pieces
.
Did you know our students wrote and published a book illustrated by renowned author 
Dave Eggers
?  
Read more about the book
! We still have a few for sale!
Boggs Educational Center
Facebook
Twitter
Email Us
The Boggs School
4141 Mitchell Street
Detroit, MI 48207
(313) 923-2301