Skip to main content
Boggs Educational Center
Our ultimate end must be the creation of the beloved community. Martin Luther King, Jr.
You are here
Home
 » 
Who We Are
Teachers
Meet our outstanding teaching staff!
Annie Markey, Rainbow Room (Kindergarten)
Annie Head Shot.png
Annie has been teaching in Detroit for three years and is excited to start her first year at the Boggs School. She grew up in Ann Arbor and taught kindergarten there while earning a Master's degree in Education from the University of Michigan. She also holds a BA in Spanish and Sociology from the University of Michigan. In the classroom, she encourages children to explore, create, and question the world around them. This year, she is looking forward to working with the students and families in the Boggs community to create a learning space that works for everyone in the Rainbow Room. When she is not in the classroom, you can find her teaching and performing with the Detroit Circus. 
Contact Annie at annie.boggsschool@gmail.com. 
Kelly Rickert, Painted Turtles Room (1/2)
Kelly head shot.jpg
Kelly Rickert grew up in the woods and fields of rural Little Valley, NY (southwest NY state) before moving to Rochester, NY to study Anthropology, Religion, and Economics at the University of Rochester. During her time there, and while studying abroad in Berlin, Germany, she developed her love of cities as spaces rich in people and histories to learn from. It was also in Rochester that Kelly developed her love of children and teaching, working in various Americorps and early childhood literacy programs throughout her time as a student there. She moved to Detroit in 2013 to teach and pursue a Masters in Education at the University of Michigan. This will be Kelly's fourth year teaching and third year at Boggs. She believes that there are opportunities for learning in the people and places all around us and is excited to work with Boggs families, community members, and spaces around the school to further extend her classroom's boundaries and root the learning done there in place. When she is not at school, you can find Kelly riding her bike (anywhere and everywhere), reading, cooking/fermenting foods, gardening, dancing, camping, and (a recently discovered passion) gathering and arranging wildflowers! She also enjoys watching and playing soccer and basketball, and she is looking forward to another season as Coach Kelly for the Boggs soccer team! 
Contact Kelly at kelly.boggsschool@gmail.com.
Erica Myrick, Pheasants Room (3)
Erica Myrick Head Shot.png
Erica Myrick is a native Detroiter. She earned her Bachelor’s Degree in Elementary Education at DePauw University in 1998. She returned to her hometown to launch her teaching career where she taught 1st – 5th grades for over ten years until she decided to start her own family. Erica moved to Ann Arbor in 2010 where she worked in the Department of Community Education and Recreation as a Child Care Supervisor and Summer Camp Director for four years. She returned to the classroom as a Teacher’s Assistant for two years in the Ann Arbor Public School District to work with children with special needs. Erica recently graduated from the University of Michigan with her Master’s degree and certification in Elementary Education. This year, she looks forward to working with her students and community to improve student achievement by creating opportunities for learning based on the unique history, environment, culture, economy, literature, and art of our neighborhood and city. She lives with her two wonderful children, Nia and Dyson. Erica enjoys fashion design, travel, camping, and reading. ​
Contact Erica at erica.boggsschool@gmail.com
DeA'sia Head, Blue Herons Room (4/5)
Bio coming soon!
Jacinda Bowman, Tiger Lilies Room (6 Homeroom, 6-8 Science & Social Studies)
Jacinda Headshot.jpg
Jacinda Bowman is excited to start her second year teaching at the James and Grace Lee Boggs School. A native of Grand Rapids, Michigan, Jacinda completed her education at Northern Michigan University in “da U.P.” She recently moved back to the United States after three years in Peace Corps – The Gambia. Before training teachers in The Gambia, West Africa, Jacinda taught in Grand Rapids Public Schools, worked at childcare centers, Girl Scout camps, and YMCA youth programs. She feels most inspired in nature, whether she is hiking, backpacking, or kayaking. Jacinda loves being transported to far off places, whether it’s through the books she reads or through travel. This year at Boggs, Jacinda hopes to build strong relationships with students, parents, and the Boggs community. 
Contact Jacinda at jacinda
.boggsschool@gmail.com.
Ella Stanley, Ravens Room (7/8 Homeroom, 6-8 Language Arts)
EllaHeadShot.jpg
Ella grew up on the East Side of Detroit. For the four years before coming to the Boggs School, she lived in Chicago where she earned degrees in Special Education, Elementary Education, and English as a Second Language from Loyola University of Chicago. While there, she served as a Resident Assistant, led retreats, led and coordinated alternative service immersion trips, worked as a tutor for Arrupe Community College, and helped run a food sharing program at a neighborhood farmers market. In addition to being a student, she worked as a youth mentor and tutor at Housing Opportunities for Women, a non-profit working to break the cycle of homelessness in Chicago. Most of Ella’s teaching and clinical experience has been in Chicago Public Schools. She spent her last school year there as a sixth and seventh grade math and English special education student teacher at Jordan Community School in Chicago. For the last two summers, Ella worked at a nature center outdoor camp outside of Chicago. Outside of the classroom, Ella enjoys running, camping, drinking coffee, and cheering on any Detroit sports team. She is looking forward to her second year at the Boggs School. Ella’s main goal this year is to facilitate a classroom community where all students feel important and challenge each other to learn, grow, and create their future together.  
Contact Ella at ella.boggsschool@gmail.com.
Jeanette Booth, Special Education Teacher/Coordinator
Jeanette.jpg
Jeanette has been teaching for six years. She has taught in the city and other local districts around Metro Detroit. She earned her Bachelors of Arts degree and a Special Education endorsement at Marygrove College. She has worked as a behavior interventionist as well as a reading and math interventionist. Jeanette has always loved working and spending time with children. Her best asset is building relationships with students and encouraging children to persevere and reach their full potential. Her passion has always been helping students with learning and behavioral challenges. She believes every child can and wants to learn; they simply need the tools to achieve personal success. Jeanette is entering into her third year at Boggs. 
They may forget what you said — but they will never forget how you made them feel. —Carl W. Buehner
Contact Jeanette at jeanette
.boggsschool@gmail.com. 
Liz Kirk, Multi-Tiered Systems of Support (MTSS) Coordinator 
Liz Kirk headshot.jpg
Before joining the Boggs School family, Liz began working with youth as a camp counselor and a GED prep tutor for young men in a delinquent facility. She taught elementary special education for three years in greater New Orleans. Liz also worked on community food security issues, serving on the board of the New Orleans Food Cooperative in its first year of operation. Most recently, she taught Kindergarten in Ann Arbor through a Master's degree program at the University of Michigan. 
As a lifelong camper and hiker, Liz loves bringing learning outdoors. In the classroom, she works hard to connect academic skills and knowledge with real world applications to make learning meaningful and memorable. When she's not teaching, Liz enjoys painting, cooking, and gardening. Her top priority as a teacher is to really get to know her students well, and that means getting to know their parents and families, too. As a founding Boggs School teacher, Liz is entering her fifh year at the school.
Contact Liz at liz
.boggsschool@gmail.com.
Meet our Community Educators! 
Shoshanna Utchenik, Art
Shoshanna - Head Shot.jpg
Shoshanna Utchenik is proud to have been the first art teacher at the Boggs School because she believes art is essential to our mission of nurturing creative, critical thinkers who contribute to their communities.
She is a professional artist especially focused on puppetry, theater design, and public events that spark curiosity and excitement around reimagining our world and ourselves in it.  She holds a Master of Fine Arts from Northwestern University and Bachelor of Fine Arts from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and has exhibited or performed throughout the Midwest, NYC, and internationally in Slovenia under the umbrella Interstate Arts. She has worked as a Teaching Artist with arts non-profits, camps and schools in Chicago and Detroit for 20 years, which she keeps doing because children have the best imaginations and deserve all the time and space they need to explore and create. 
Baba Shomari Matthews, African Drum & Dance
Shomari head shot.png
J
azmin Beltran, Spanish
Jazmin head shot.jpg
Samantha Morrison, Movement
Samantha Head Shot.jpg
Samantha is a 3rd generation (return) Detroiter who is grateful to be back after a hiatus down south and to have found a place in the Boggs community. When not teaching Movement class or assisting indoors, Samantha is likely moving in some other way- writing, biking, running, swimming, or traveling. 
Home
About
Mission & Core Ideology
Location
Place-Based Education
School Calendar
Blog
Athletics
School Policies
FAQs
Contact Us
Who We Are
Grace and Jimmy
Board Members
Leadership
Teachers
Support Staff
Interns
Eastern Michigan University
In the News
Join Us!
Staff
Application Instructions
Family Tours
Application Policies
Progress
Board of Directors
Board Meeting Dates
Board Meeting Agendas
Board Meeting Minutes
Official Documents
Transparency
Donate!
Partnerships
AFT- Michigan
Mentor Schools
Community Partners
Franklin Wright Settlements
Support
Team Spotlights
Food
Apply to the Boggs School!
Our 2018-19 Open Application Period for students is April 1-30! See 
Application Instructions
 for details!
Donate to the Boggs School!
Please read our 
year-end letter
, complete with great give-aways, and consider making a donation! Our 
supply registry
 is open all year - we are grateful for any support you are able to provide!
What's New?
Many others are helping the Boggs School to tell its story. Read and view their 
journalistic and artistic pieces
.
Did you know our students wrote and published a book illustrated by renowned author 
Dave Eggers
?  
Read more about the book
! We still have a few for sale!
Boggs Educational Center
Facebook
Twitter
Email Us
The Boggs School
4141 Mitchell Street
Detroit, MI 48207
(313) 923-2301