Skip to main content
Boggs Educational Center
Our ultimate end must be the creation of the beloved community. Martin Luther King, Jr.
You are here
Home
 » 
Who We Are
Leadership
Julia Putnam, Co-Founder, Principal
JuliaHeadShot2.jpeg
Julia taught for five years in Detroit, including serving as writer-in-residence for the InsideOut Literary Magazine program. As a teenager, she was Detroit Summer’s first volunteer, later taking a leadership role. Julia wrote a regular column on education (“Learning for Life”) for the Michigan Citizen, which has been required reading at major Michigan universities. She attended the National Principals Leadership Institute as an Excellent Schools Detroit fellow in 2013 and was the keynote speaker at Eastern Michigan University's 2014 Eco-Justice Conference. In 2015, Julia served as a member of the Coaltion for the Future of Detroit Schoolchildren.  As the Principal, Julia works with teachers, parents, and students on developing and maintaining positive school culture and ambitious instruction. She has a ten-year-old daughter who attends the Boggs School and a twelve-year-old son. Julia holds a BA in English from Michigan State University, an MA 
in Liberal Studies 
from the University of Detroit, Mercy, and an MA in Education and teaching certification from Wayne State University. Julia brings expertise in teaching, leadership, youth development, and community organizing.  
Contact Julia at julia.boggsschool@gmail.com.
Amanda Rosman, Co-Founder, Executive Director
Amanda@steph.jpg
Amanda taught for eleven years in Detroit schools and is a member of the State Bar of Michigan. She is trained as a civil court mediator, interned with the Michigan Department of Civil Rights, and researched students’ rights to alternative education for the ACLU’s 2009 School-to-Prison Pipeline report.  Most recently, she served as the Assistant to the Associate Dean for Research and Community Engagement at the University of Michigan's School of Education.  Amanda serves on the board of the Birmingham Temple and on Marygrove College Education Division's Strategic Planning Committee.  As the Executive Director, Amanda directs business operations at the school, including managing the budget, the facility, compliance reporting, and operations systems. She has a thirteen-year-old son who attends the Boggs School. Amanda holds a BA in Anthropology from Cornell University, an MA in Educational Studies and teaching certification from the University of Michigan, and a JD from Wayne State University Law School. She offers expertise in teaching, grant writing and compliance, non-profit management, and educational law.  
Contact Amanda at amanda.boggsschool@gmail.com.
Marisol Teachworth, Co-Founder, Programming Director
Mari Head Shot.jpg
Marisol taught for six years in the Bronx, NY, Hollywood, FL, and Detroit. She has taught language arts and social studies in an inclusion model classroom, self-contained ESOL, and science. For three years, Marisol worked with Hispanic Unity, the largest non-profit organization in Broward County dedicated to serving the community’s Latino population, where she designed curriculum and enrichment activities through art, music, science, dance, and nutrition. As an artist and engaged community member, she has led multi-aged youth groups in creating large murals in their schools and communities. In 2011, Marisol served as the Educational Track Instructor for Detroit Future Media, where she worked in collaboration with other teachers to design and teach education participants and skilled local media artists, exploring educational theory and teaching methodology, digital justice principles, and popular education. As the Programming Director, Marisol coordinates all programming at the Boggs School, including the after-school program, Place-Based Education alignment with teachers, special events, and the summer CDF Freedom School. Marisol holds a BS in Education and teaching certification from Wayne State University; she is also 
an MA candidate in Educational Leadership there
. She offers expertise in youth development, grant writing, teaching, community organizing, and leadership. 
Contact Marisol at marisol.boggsschool@gmail.com.
Home
About
Mission & Core Ideology
Location
Place-Based Education
School Calendar
Blog
Athletics
School Policies
FAQs
Contact Us
Who We Are
Grace and Jimmy
Board Members
Leadership
Teachers
Support Staff
Interns
Eastern Michigan University
In the News
Join Us!
Staff
Application Instructions
Family Tours
Application Policies
Progress
Board of Directors
Board Meeting Dates
Board Meeting Agendas
Board Meeting Minutes
Official Documents
Transparency
Donate!
Partnerships
AFT- Michigan
Mentor Schools
Community Partners
Franklin Wright Settlements
Support
Team Spotlights
Food
Apply to the Boggs School!
Our 2018-19 Open Application Period for students is April 1-30! See 
Application Instructions
 for details!
Donate to the Boggs School!
Please read our 
year-end letter
, complete with great give-aways, and consider making a donation! Our 
supply registry
 is open all year - we are grateful for any support you are able to provide!
What's New?
Many others are helping the Boggs School to tell its story. Read and view their 
journalistic and artistic pieces
.
Did you know our students wrote and published a book illustrated by renowned author 
Dave Eggers
?  
Read more about the book
! We still have a few for sale!
Boggs Educational Center
Facebook
Twitter
Email Us
The Boggs School
4141 Mitchell Street
Detroit, MI 48207
(313) 923-2301