Pasadena Rosebud Academy
Home
About Us
Mission & Vision
Employment
Directions
Staff Directory
Photo Album
Links
Admissions
Enrollment Process
Preliminary Application
Curriculum
Programs
Common Core Standards
Lunch Program
2017-2018 Lunch Application
Local Wellness Policy
Free Summer Meals Program
Local Wellness
Students
Classes/Homework
Bell Schedules
Clubs & Activities
Student Handbook
Parents
Calendar
Parent Involvement
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Support PRA
Volunteer Opportunities
Governing Board
LCAP
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
LCAP 2015-2018
Donate
Donate
			 » Donate			
Donate
Pasadena Rosebud Academy is committed to providing students with a high quality education, tuition free. There is a cost for quality. In order to continue to grow and provide our students with the resources that they need to achieve academic success, we need the financial support of parents, families, friends, and community.
WAYS to GIVE
Cash Donations
Checks can be made payable to Pasadena Rosebud Academy and sent to:
Pasadena Rosebud Academy
1443 E. Washington Blvd., #260
Pasadena, CA 91104
Matching Corporate Gifts
You can increase the value of your gift if your employer has a matching gifts program. Check with your human resource department to find out if your company matches contributions made by employees to charitable organization. They can provide you with the necessary forms to complete. This will help provide additional funding for our school’s programs.
Planned Gifts
Support Pasadena Rosebud Academy with a deferred gift by naming the school as beneficiary on your will, life insurance policy, or retirement plan. Planned gifts assist in preserving our future.
FUNDRAISER
Box Tops for Education
Box Tops for Education is an ongoing fundraiser at Rosebud Academy. Through Box Tops for education there are 3 ways to help raise money.
Box Tops
Simply clip Box Tops coupons from hundreds of your favorite grocery store products. Collect box tops and turn them in to our school at the end of each month.
Marketplace
Shop on-line at some of your favorite stores at Box Tops Marketplace. A percentage of your purchases go to Rosebud. Visit boxtops4education.com to shop.
Reading Room
Purchase your reading materials on-line from Barnes & Noble through Box Tops Reading Room on line at boxtops4education.com. Rosebud will receive a percent of your purchases.
SIGN UP FOR ESCRIP
Select”Pasadena Rosebud Academy” as your group to support.
Register your Vons or Pavillions Club Card, credit and debit cardd, and Macy’s credit card. Registrations are secure and confidential.
Each time you make a purchase at an eScrip business Pasadena Rosebud Academy Earns!
Sign up for eScript today. Go to www.escrip.com, click on sign up, and follow the instructions. There are a variety of participating merchants.
Group Name: Pasadena Rosebud Academy
Group ID: 500021712
Contact Us
Pasadena Rosebud Academy
3544 N. Canon Blvd., Altadena, CA 91001
Phone: (626) 797-7704 Fax: (626) 797-0788 
Stay Connected
Search
En Español