Pasadena Rosebud Academy
Home
About Us
Mission & Vision
Employment
Directions
Staff Directory
Photo Album
Links
Admissions
Enrollment Process
Preliminary Application
Curriculum
Programs
Common Core Standards
Lunch Program
2017-2018 Lunch Application
Local Wellness Policy
Free Summer Meals Program
Local Wellness
Students
Classes/Homework
Bell Schedules
Clubs & Activities
Student Handbook
Parents
Calendar
Parent Involvement
Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Support PRA
Volunteer Opportunities
Governing Board
LCAP
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
LCAP 2015-2018
Donate
Spotlight Message
In the 21st century, a child’s educational success is largely going to be dependent on how strong their reading skills are developed at each grade level. Reading comprehension sets the foundation for all other learning. As we move towards building a generation of critical thinkers it is important for parents and educators to work closely together to maximize a child’s critical thinking skills. Critical thinking is a complex combination of skills. It is the ability to think clearly, rationally, analytically and understand the logical connection between ideas. Getting students to become critical thinkers involves strengthening the four language skills: reading comprehension, writing, listening, and speaking. In order for students to become college and career ready, they must become critical thinkers. It is so vital to the long-term success of an individual. Parents, now more than ever must understand their role in getting their child to develop as a critical thinker. Critical thinking skills start developing at birth. The adult verbal and non-verbal interaction with an infant sets the foundation for critical thinking development in a child. As a child grows, consistent parental interaction and engagement is necessary for the long-term development of critical thinking skills.
	Files:	
				Reading Quote.pdf			
Contact Us
Pasadena Rosebud Academy
3544 N. Canon Blvd., Altadena, CA 91001
Phone: (626) 797-7704 Fax: (626) 797-0788 
Stay Connected
Search
En Español