Skip to Main Content
Toggle main menu visibility 
Home
+About Us
Our School
Staff
Governing Board
PTSO
+School Info
Academics
Arts
Athletics
Clubs
+Events
Calendar
News
+Helpful Links
ADA Compliance Policy
Enrollment
FAQ
Financial Accountability
Web Links
Contact Us
News
We appreciate our involved parents and community members, and we are committed to providing you with regular news and information. Here on our News page, we will chronicle school activities and student achievements and publish announcements. We’ll also offer helpful resources and information. 
Talent Show
Our talent show is on Monday, May 14. Watch for more information coming soon. We look forward to featuring the talents of our wonderful students!
May Student Of The Month
Congratulations to Hayden Duncan, our May student of the month. Way to go, Hayden!  Keep up the great work.
8th Grade Graduation
Please join us for our 8th grade graduation on Friday, May 18 at 7:00 p.m. in the courtyard. We look forward to celebrating with you!
Weekly Newsletter
It’s information Wednesday and our newsletter is hot off the press! Stay up to date; see our 
newsletter
 for this week’s important announcements and events.
District News
Look for our school newsletter (a blue sheet) every Wednesday, but we’ll post it here just in case you miss it.
May 2, 2018
Communication is the Name of the Game
We use a variety of tools to keep you informed:
Parent-Teacher Conferences - Teachers regularly inform parents about academics, behavior, and school activities through telephone conferences, e-mails, text messages, 
and face-to-face conferences.
Skyward
 - Parents can access student grades, attendance records, and discipline records through the parent portal on Skyward. If you do not have a Skyward account, please stop by the school office for assistance with setting up an account.
Facebook
 - Please “like” our school Facebook page, Putnam Academy of Arts and Sciences, to receive alerts for the latest posts.
Putnam Academy of Arts and Sciences
310 South Palm Ave, Palatka, FL 32177 
|		
PH: (386) 326.4212
|		
FAX: (386) 326.6235
 Copyright ©            2018 | Site designed and maintained by 
School Webmasters
Original text
Contribute a better translation