Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Superintendent's Office
                The superintendent is responsible for the effective administration of all instructional and business operations of the district. The superintendent is also responsible for advising and making recommendations to the Pickerington Board of Education.
The Assistant Superintendent is responsible for maintaining all Board of Education policy. These policies are principles adopted by the Board of Education to provide guidance and direction to the administration in dealing with the day-to-day operation of the district. The Assistant Superintendent's Office also handles issues that involve residence, custody, building transfers, enrollment, attendance boundaries, discipline, school safety, and instructional effectiveness.            
Superintendent's Office Team
                        Chris Briggs                    
                        Superintendent                    
                        614.834.2153                    
                        chris_briggs@plsd.us                    
                        Bob Blackburn                    
                        Assistant Superintendent                    
                        614.833.2110                    
                        bob_blackburn@plsd.us                    
                        Betty Conley                    
                        Administrative Assistant to the Superintendent                    
                        614.834.2153                    
                        betty_conley@plsd.us                    
                        Jill Amos                    
                        Administrative Assistant to the Assistant Superintendent                    
                        614-834-2151                    
                        jill_amos@plsd.us                    
A Message From The Superintendent
In Pickerington Schools, we have built a foundation on one idea: Educating for tomorrow.
Three simple words. So much meaning.
Educating for tomorrow means our schools are preparing our students for both the opportunities and challenges they will face living in an increasingly globalized society. It means we will continue to invest in the kinds of vital technology that will prepare our children for college and career. It means our educators are always looking ahead. We never rest on past successes and always ask one critical question: “What can we do better?”
Educating for tomorrow. It’s a philosophy that we will not just prepare our children to succeed in today’s complex and competitive environment, because we know today is fleeting. Instead, we will ready Pickerington’s students to succeed tomorrow, to tackle whatever changes and challenges the future presents. To grow. To succeed. To excel.
We also know that when a family looks for a place to live, learn and play, schools are a decisive factor.
What makes Pickerington Schools distinct? The district is the 15th largest in Ohio, with more than 10,000 students in 14 schools. The district posts some impressive results academically. More than 96 percent of our students graduate high school in four years, earning the district an “A” on the state report card.
Approximately 81 percent of our teachers have master’s degrees, and our average teacher has more than 13 years of experience in the classroom.
Academically, we are focused on the future. A few examples of this commitment include a strong focus on STEM (science, math, engineering and technology). One of our junior high schools has even been designated a STEM school. We have also partnered with Innovation Generation to create a distance learning lab, high school biomedical innovation lab, and mobile materials fabrication lab.
We are highly invested in educational technology. In recent years, we have invested millions of dollars as we move to a “one-to-one” device-to-student ratio. By fall of 2017, every student in Pickerington Schools will have access to a personal technology device, such as an iPad or Chromebook laptop. We have significantly upgraded our wireless internet speeds and access points in all our buildings, making it easier for teachers to seamlessly integrate technology in their classrooms on a daily basis. Our plans call for additional expansions of our wireless capabilities in the coming years.
Of course, the district is focused on more than just academics. We work to ensure every student has the opportunity for a well-rounded educational experience through our highly regarded athletic and extracurricular programs. Our Division I athletic teams are a huge source of community pride and involvement, as are our music and theater programs.
Pickerington Schools also have strong partnerships with the local business community. An exciting example of this can be seen at the new OhioHealth Medical Center, which will include a 2,000-square-foot classroom for district biomedical program students to gain hands-on experience in a real medical setting.
Educating for tomorrow. It’s more than just a slogan. It’s our commitment to the future of our students and our community.
Dr. Chris Briggs
Superintendent
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation