Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
Human Resources
                The Human Resources Department supports the education program through recruitment and selection processes of highly qualified educators and support staff to fill vacant teaching, support and administrative positions. In addition, the department is responsible for conducting orientations for new employees, assisting staff with license requirements and maintenance of Individual Professional Development Plans.
As an equal opportunity employer, it is the policy of the Pickerington Local School District that no candidate for a position in the District shall be discriminated against on the basis of race, creed, sex, color, national origin, religion, age, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, political affiliation, marital status or other human differences. The district has a policy of active recruitment of qualified minority candidates.            
The Office of Assessment and Accountability
The Office of Assessment and Accountability works with teachers and administration in the district to ensure information and best practices are discussed and shared across the 14 school buildings. The office oversees the development and revision of job descriptions and the completion of all evaluations for all certificated employees. Additionally, the office helps to provide professional growth opportunities for all Pickerington Schools employees.
In addition, this department works with local colleges and universities to improve the experience for interns in the district as part of the field placement and/or student teaching requirements.
The HR Team
                        Debra Porter-Sawyer                    
                        Human Resources Director                    
                        614.833.2110                    
                        debra_sawyer@plsd.us                    
                        Zack Howard                    
                        Director of Accountability & Assessment                    
                        614.834.2155                    
                        zack_howard@plsd.us                    
                        Vicki Baptist                    
                        Administrative Secretary Human Resources Department                    
                        614.834.2162                    
                        vicki_baptist@plsd.us                    
                        Leslie Wetmore                    
                        AESOP Manager and Sub Caller                    
                        614-522-0037                    
                        leslie_wetmore@plsd.us                    
                        Nichole Walters                    
                        Administrative Secretary Human Resources Dept.                    
                        614.833.2110                    
                        nichole_walters@plsd.us                    
Information from Human Resources
Check Current Openings
Information about all current openings in Pickerington Schools is available through the 
vacancy page in Applitrack
.
Applications for these positions also are done through the Applitrack system.
Apply to Work in Pickerington Schools
All applications for positions within Pickerington Schools are completed through 
Applitrack
.
Thank you for your interest in the Pickerington Local School District. We are proud that our schools and personnel are well regarded in the central Ohio area. We are looking for highly qualified professional educators and support staff who wish to be part of a system that is noted for excellence.
As an equal opportunity employer, it is the policy of the Pickerington Local School District that no candidate for a position in the District shall be discriminated against on the basis of race, creed, sex, color, national origin, religion, age, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, political affiliation, marital status or other human differences. The district has a policy of active recruitment of qualified minority candidates.
The Pickerington Local School District uses an 
online application
 process for all positions.
Please follow the directions carefully, and complete as much of the application as possible.
Please do not submit additional information and/or copies to the Human Resources Department.
These items may be electronically sent via the online application process or if called for an interview, brought in at that time.
Open positions are first posted internally for current staff members. Positions not filled through this process are then noted as openings as part of the online application process.
Submitting an application on-line requires access via computer to the internet. Should you not have access to a computer, you might want to use one at your local library.
When we have a vacancy in your interest area we will screen applications on file and contact selected candidates to begin the interview process.
Applications are normally kept for only 18 months. You may update your online application with additional information at any time via the Internet.
Should you be contacted for an interview and require any special accommodations, please contact the Human Resources Department at 614-833-2110. This information will be used only in a manner consistent with the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Chapter 4112 of the Ohio Revised Code.
Thank you again for your interest in our fine school system and best wishes as you pursue your career.
Substitute Teachers and Administrators
Persons wishing to substitute for Pickerington Schools should contact 
Bobbi Williams
 at the Fairfield County Educational Service Center, 740.653.3193, to begin the application and approval process.
The Educational Service Center will forward approved names to our district for approval by the Board of Education.
Substitute pay is subject to all applicable federal, state and local taxes. Additional deductions will be taken for State Teachers Retirement System contributions and Medicare tax.
Those approved by the Board of Education will be set up in the Automated Substitute Placement & Absence Management (AESOP) system.
Substitutes should dress in a style that reflects good grooming and professionalism.
Effective Oct. 6, 2016, substitute teacher daily rate of pay is $105, pro-rated for half-day assignments. Starting with the 21st day of subbing (based on a full work day) during a given school year, the substitute rate is increased be $115.
Substitutes assigned to one specific teaching position shall, after 60 consecutive days (long-term), will be placed on the teacher’s salary schedule at the BA-0 salary level.
The pay rate for retired substitute teachers will be at $115 per day. Starting with the 21st day, the rate will be $125 (based on a full work day).
Payment on the teacher’s salary schedule for long-term assignments will not be retro-active to the first day of substituting.
Substitute teachers and substitute administrators are paid on the 5th and 20th of each month, pending submission of days worked.
Substitute teachers and substitute administrators will be contacted by the district’s AESOP manager if his/her Child Abuse Reporting document needs to be updated for record purposes.
Substitute placement for the school district does not imply permanent employment with the district.
Substitutes are used on an “as-needed” basis, and implies no guarantee to any specific number of days of substituting. The school district reserves the right to determine its specific needs for substitute employees.
Volunteer In Our Schools
We are always interested in having parents and other community members volunteer in our schools for a variety of tasks, in and out of the classroom!
Individuals interested in volunteering in our schools must 
fill out an application
 and submit it to a building principal.
Those seeking additional volunteer service opportunities may want to consider serving with AmeriCorps as a K-5 Math Tutor, providing math intervention to PLSD students in our primary grades. For more information, visit the 
Educational Service Center of Central Ohio website
.
Salary Schedules (Teachers and Support Staff)
Teacher salary schedules
2015-16
2016-17
2017-18
Support Staff
Support staff pay schedule
Salary Schedules (Substitute and Temporary)
The following are effective December 21, 2017.
Substitute pay schedule (non-certificated)
Duty Aide: $9.15
High School Student Workers (includes summer following high school graduation) (minimum wage): $8.30
College Student Workers (following freshman year) (minimum wage): $8.30
Ticket Taker: $8.30
Campus Security: $11.00
Office Assistant: $10.00
Food Service Worker: $10.00
Library Aide: $11.25
Secretary (includes District Office): $13.05
Paraprofessional: $12.30
Health Care Assistant: $12.30
Custodian or Maintenance Worker or Food Service Delivery Driver: $12.15
Stage Manager: $15.75
Substitute pay schedule (certificated)
Administrator (certified)
District Office: $400.00
Principal: $350.00
Assistant Principal: $250.00
Teacher
Home Instruction or Extended School Year (approved 08/14/06): $25.00 / hour
Substitute Teacher: $105/day 0-20 days and $115/day 21+ days
Retired Substitute Teacher/ Substitute in a High-Needs Area: $115/day 0-20 days and $125/day 21+ days
Part-Time PLSD Teacher Substitute: $125/day
Collective Bargaining Agreements
Master agreements with the Pickerington Education Association
2015-2018 master agreement
2013-15 master agreement
2011-13 master agreement
2008-10 master agreement
Master agreement with the Pickerington Support Staff Association 
2017-20 master agreement
2015-17 master agreement
Administrative Handbook
Current Administrator Handbook (PDF)
 | (
RTF version
)
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation