Skip to Content
Back to Pickerington Schools
Back to District
Our School
At-a-Glance
Applying to Pickerington Preschool
Enrolling
Calendar and Calamity Days
Communication from the District
Health Services
Other Area Preschools
Latchkey
News & Events
Academics
Students With Disabilities
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Access Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Enroll in Pickerington Preschool
Change My Contact Information
Volunteer in the Schools
Infinite Campus
Our School
At-a-Glance
Applying to Pickerington Preschool
Enrolling
Calendar and Calamity Days
Communication from the District
Health Services
Other Area Preschools
Latchkey
Applying to Pickerington Preschool
                If you are interested in the Pickerington Preschool program and want to know if your child is eligible to attend, please fill out the application form found on this page.            
Application
Preschool Application
Please note that you must be a resident of the Pickerington Local School District to attend Pickerington Preschool. The District asks for proof of residency for all students who enroll. 
Filling out the preschool application gives us the information we need for classroom placement.  Please make sure you click submit at the end of the form.  You should receive an email with a copy of your application.
18-19 preschool application
Peer Models
Parents complete the 
18-19 preschool application
.
After the survey is completed, a staff member will call parents within two business days to let them know how to enroll their child in Pickerington Schools.
Children with Possible Special Needs
1.  Parents complete the 
18-19 preschool application
2.  After the survey is completed, a staff member will call parents, within two business days, to schedule a screening with the preschool staff.  All screenings are held on Friday’s.
3.  The school psychologist will call with the screening results and recommended next steps within a week of the screening.
4. If an evaluation is recommended, parents will be asked to complete the two-step enrollment process through the 
Welcome Center
. The two-step process involves both completing online forms and attending an appointment at the Welcome Center.
5.  If an evaluation is recommended, the school psychologist will schedule follow-up appointments with your family.
Location:                         District Offices                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                                             
Tussing Elementary, 2117 Tussing Road
Reynoldsburg, Ohio 43068
(614) 834-2621
Fax: (614) 834-2610
Violet Elementary, 8855 Education Drive
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 548-1521
Fax: (614) 548-1510
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation