Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
Food Services: Healthy Meals / Healthy Minds
                The Pickerington Schools Food Service Department provides students and staff with breakfast and lunch meals that are nutritious, appetizing, and appealing. Meals served at all levels meet the age-appropriate USDA nutritional requirements for a balanced meal, complying with Congress’s Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act that all districts must now follow. The department also offers a summer meal program for children up to age 18 each summer.            
Important Food Services Links
                        Visit the Food Services Website                    
                        From lunch menus to nutritional info to applications for free and reduced meals, this is your one-stop shop for information from Pickerington Schools Food Services.                    
                        Find Lunch Menus                    
                        Chicken nuggets? Pizza? Tasty veggies? Find out what's on the menu this month!                    
                        My Payments Plus                    
                        Put money in your child's My Payments Plus account here!                    
                        Apply for Free and Reduced Meals                    
                        A link to the federal application for free and reduced-price meals.                    
Information about Pickerington Schools Meals
What Is My Payments Plus?
Pickerington Schools uses the online payment system 
My Payments Plus
 as a safe, secure and convenient way to allow parents to pay for their children’s meals. With a My Payments Plus account, you can take advantage of other free benefits of the site, such as low-balance e-mail notifications and even the ability to download the free MyPaymentsPlus mobile app, which is available for all iOS (iPhone/iPad) and Android devices. The mobile app will also allow for you to set up push notifications regarding your student’s balance.
Through the system, parents can check their children’s cafeteria balances and purchase histories, make prepayments for breakfast and lunch with auto-pay capability, and receive email reminders if account balances get low.
We highly encourage you to at least set up an account so you can be included in any direct messaging from our nutrition department.
Thank you for partnering with us in an effort to make managing your student’s account easy and the fall transition a smooth one.
Paying For Your Child's Meals (My Payments Plus)
Please note that the 
My Payments Plus
 system will not be activated until approximately August 5, 2017.
If you don’t have an account yet
If you do not currently have a My Payments Plus account, take a moment and create a free account on the 
My Payments Plus website
. Obtaining a free parent account will give you 24/7 access to information such as the balance in your student’s school meal account and record of what they have purchased in the cafeteria.
Place money on your “MYPaymentsPlus” account
Go online to 
My Payments Plus
 or call 1-866-711-7341. For a $2 fee, through MyPaymentsPlus, you are able to deposit funds directly into your student’s cafeteria account. Deposits can take place both on the MyPaymentsPlus website and via the mobile app. You may also add money to your student’s account on the phone by calling 866-711-7341.
If you prefer auto-payments, you have that ability as well. The system will even allow you to set the parameters for when you would like an auto-payment to take place.
Parent help line
The MyPaymentsPlus Support Team can be reached Monday-Friday, 7:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m. EST at (877) 237-0946 or via email at: 
support@mypaymentsplus.com
 if you require assistance.
We also accept checks for meal payments
Pickerington Schools also accepts checks for payment of meals. Make checks payable to Pickerington Food Service Department. Please include child’s name and ID# on the check.
For more information, visit 
the Food Services web pages
.
What Happens When the Account Has a Negative Balance?
Negative balance notices are sent home with elementary children weekly. Balances may also be checked at any time at 
My Payments Plus
 online or by calling the Food Service Office at 614.833.3645. You will need your student’s pin number to check balances.
In addition to paying for student meals through MyPayments Plus, Pickerington Schools also accepts checks and cash for payment of meals. Make checks payable to Pickerington Food Service Department. Please include child’s name and ID# on the check.
While high school, junior high and middle school students are not permitted to charge, children in grades 1 thru 4 may charge up to $7.50 which is equal to 3 lunches. No extra items may be charged and no breakfast may be charged. When the student has reached the charge limit of $7.50, a substitute meal will be provided.
Elementary School students may charge up to $7.50, or the equivalent of three student lunches. After charging $7.50, a substitute meal will be provided.
Middle school, junior high, and high school students may not charge lunches.
During the final two weeks of school, no charging for meals is allowed. If your student has a negative balance, or a balance not high enough to cover the cost of a lunch, the balance must be paid or increased before the student receives lunch. If an elementary student has a negative balance, or less than $2.50, they will receive a substitute meal.
No student will be allowed to receive a full student lunch if he/she does not have enough money in their account (or cash of a money order) to pay for a meal. Grade cards may be held for any students with negative balances.
Helpful Tips for My Payments Plus Student Meal Account
Setting up low-balance email notifications and auto payments online
Step one: Log-in to your account at: 
My Payments Plus
Step two: Each of the customized settings have a button pertaining to that setting. Those buttons are “Low Balance Notifications,” “Auto Pay,” “Online Payment History,” and “Purchase History.”
Step three: By clicking either the “Low-Balance Notifications” button or the “Auto-Pay button,” you will then enter the dollar amount that you want to outline as the “lowest amount” your student’s account will hit before a low-balance e-mail notification or auto-payment is processed.
Step four: Be sure to click “Save Changes” when you are finished.
Forgot your password?
Click “Forgot username or password?” and enter your email address in the location provided for a link to be sent to that email. (Please note: you must use the email you registered with).
Need help?
The MyPaymentsPlus Support Team can be reached Monday-Friday, 7:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m. EST at (877) 237-0946 or via email at: 
support@mypaymentsplus.com
 if you require assistance.
Breakfast in Our Schools
Come start your day off right by eating a healthy breakfast! The Pickerington Schools Food Service Department provides a breakfast program at the following schools:
Pickerington High School Central: 7:30 am – 9 am
Pickerington High School North: 7:30 am – 9 am
Lakeview Junior High: 6:55 am – 7:15 am
Ridgeview STEM Junior High: 7 am – 7:15 am
Diley Middle School: 8:30 am – 8:40 am
Harmon Middle School: 8:30 am – 8:40 am
Toll Gate Middle School: 8:30 am – 8:40 am
Fairfield Elementary: 8:50 am – 9:20 am
Heritage Elementary: 9 am – 9:15 am
Pickerington Elementary: 9:05 am – 9:15 am
Tollgate Elementary: 8:30 am – 8:40 am
Tussing Elementary: 8:55 am – 9:10 am
Violet Elementary: 8:55 am – 9:15 am
The cost of breakfast is $1.50, or 30 cents for students eligible for a reduced-price meal. 
Our menus can be viewed online at the Food Services website.
Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Information About Free and Reduced-Price Meals
The goal of Pickerington Schools Food Service is to improve the health and education of our students and staff by providing nutritionally well-balanced meals. Menus are available in all school offices and cafeterias. Reduced-price lunch is 40 cents. Breakfast is served at Central, Lakeview, Ridgeview, Diley, Harmon, Toll Gate Middle, Fairfield, Heritage, Pickerington, Tussing and Violet. Reduced-price breakfast is 30 cents.
Free/reduced-price meals: Your children may be eligible for free or reduced-price meals. If you wish to apply for meal benefits, please read the instructions below and complete the application. Fill out the application 
online
 or 
download, print, and complete the application on the link below
. Use one application for all students in your household. We cannot approve an application that is not complete.
Do not fill out an application if you received a letter about direct certification for free meals. Contact the school if any of your children are not listed on the certification letter.
Children receiving SNAP (formerly food stamps) or OWF are eligible for free meal benefits. If your total household income is the same or less than the amounts shown on the income chart, your child may receive free or reduced-price meals. A foster child is eligible to receive free meals regardless of your household income. If you receive WIC your child may be eligible for meal benefits. Please fill out an application. Homeless, runaway, and migrant children receive free meals. Please call the school or your homeless or migrant coordinator to see if your child(ren) qualify. You may apply even if you or your child(ren) are not a U.S. citizen.
When filling out an application you must include all people living in your household, related or not (such as grandparents, other relatives, or friends.) You must include yourself and all children who live with you. You must include income from everyone living in the household, related or not. Call 866-711-7341 to check to see if your child’s application is approved. We will notify you in writing only if your application is denied.
Verification: School officials may ask you at any time during the school year to provide proof of eligibility.
Fair Hearing: Contact Pickerington Food Services if you do not agree with the decision on your application or the results of verification. If you are not satisfied after speaking to Food Service, you may ask for a fair hearing by writing Vince Utterback, Business Manager, Pickerington Schools, 90 East St., Pickerington, OH 43147, or by calling 614-833-2110.
If you have other questions or heed help, call:614-833-3645.
Si Necesita ayuda, por favor llame al telefono: 614-833-3645.
Si vous voudriez d’aide, contactez nour au nemero: 614-833-3645.
Reapplication: You may apply for meal benefits any time during the school year. If you are not eligible now but have a decrease in household income, become unemployed, have an increase in household size, or receive SNAP (formerly food stamps) or OWF for your child, you may reapply.
Confidentiality: Food Service will provide information about your child’s eligibility to other school officials. This information is used to determine if your child is eligible for a waiver of school instructional fees. On the application, please check the box “yes” if you want this information shared. Check “no” if you do not want this information shared. Please sign the waiver choice. Answering the question either way will not change whether your child will get meal benefits.
Last year’s eligibility: Children who were approved last year must have a new application approved this year to continue receiving meal benefits. New applications must be received in the Food Service office no later than September 27, 2017, or your child will be dropped from the program.
Special dietary needs: All meals served in our cafeterias meet meal pattern requirements and national dietary guidelines; however, if a child has a disability that prevents eating regular school meals, we will make doctor prescribed substitutions at no extra charge. If you believe your child has special dietary needs due to a disability, you may contact Food Service Supervisor Judy Riley at 614-833-3645.
Online applications: Online applications are now available. You may apply and submit your application for meal benefits after August 4, 2017, 
at this link
.
Additional help: Contact your local assistance office or call 877-852-0010 to find out about additional programs that are available.
Non-discrimination statement: The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual’s income is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and /or employment activities.)
If you wish to file a civil rights program complaint of discrimination, complete the 
USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
, found online at 
U.S. Department of Agriculture
, or at any USDA office, or call 866-632-9992 to request a form. You may also write a letter. Send your completed complaint form or letter by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave. S.W. Washington, D.C. 20250-9410 or fax to 202-690-7442 or email 
Program.intake@usda.gov
.
Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339 or 800-845-6136 (Spanish).
USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer.
Free Health Care: Families with children eligible for school meals may be eligible for free health care coverage through Medicaid and/or Ohio’s Healthy Start & Healthy Families programs. These programs include coverage for doctor visits, immunizations, physicals, prescriptions, dental, vision, mental health, substance abuse and more. Please call 1-800-324-8680 for more information or to request an application. Information can also be found on the web at the 
Ohio Department of Medicaid
. Anyone who has an Ohio Medicaid card is already receiving these services.
Application for Free and Reduced-Price Meal Benefits
OneSource Online Instant Processor application entry makes it easy and convenient for parents to apply for meal benefits for their children. Simply enter the requested information as accurately as possible, and all data will be instantly and securely sent to Pickerington Schools for processing.
You can 
assess the electronic application
 online, or you can 
download the application and fill it out today
. Return the application to your school office or mail to Food Services Office, 90 East Street, Pickerington, OH 43147. Applications also are available from each school.
You may check the status of your student’s application at 1.866.711.7341. You will need your student’s ID number.
Applications in Other Languages
Applications for free and reduced price meals are available in many languages on the 
USDA’s website.
Please note that the online application system for free and reduced lunches will not be active until approximately August 4, 2017.
H.O.P.E. Packs (Community Program)
Each week the H.O.P.E. Packs Program offers a weekend bag of food for children who meet the requirements. If your child in the past has received a H.O.P.E. Pack, have been eligible for free or reduced lunch, or your household income is low, 
complete the attached application (PDF)
 | 
(RTF version)
 to receive the weekly bags throughout the school year.
Before going home each Friday, your child will pick up a bag of food from his or her school’s office. The food is intended to be kid-friendly, easy to prepare, and supply supplemental food over the weekend. The bags are not to be opened until your child gets home.
To sign up for this free program, complete the application at the above link and return it to your child’s school. All personal information will be strictly confidential. Eligible students will not be able to receive their food until the attached form has been completed and returned.
Required Information From the USDA
Pickerington Schools will participate in the 2017-2018 program year program for free and reduced price meals for students unable to pay the full price of meals or milk served under the National School Lunch and School Breakfast, After School Care Snack or Special Milk Program. Each school office and the central office has a copy of the policy, which may be reviewed by any interested party.
The Federal Income Eligibility Guidelines will be used for determining eligibility. Children from families whose annual income is at or below the Federal Guidelines are eligible for free and reduced price meals or free milk if the school participates in the Special Milk Program.
Application forms are being distributed to all homes in a letter to parents or guardians. To apply for free and reduced-price benefits, households should fill out the application and return it to the school. Additional copies are available at the principal’s office in each school. A complete application is required. Households which currently receive Special Nutrition Assistance Program Benefits (SNAP, formally known as food stamps) or Ohio Works First (OWF) funds for a child must provide the child’s name, the SNAP or OWF case number and signature of an adult household member on the application. Households which do not receive SNAP or OWF funds must provide the names of all household members, the last four digits of the Social Security Number of the adult signing the application or state “none” if the adult does not have a Social Security Number, the amount and source of income received by each household member, (state the monthly income) and the signature of an adult household member. If any of this information is missing, the school cannot process the application.
FREE HEALTH CARE: Families with children eligible for school meals may be eligible for FREE health care coverage through Medicaid and/or Ohio’s Healthy Start & Healthy Families programs. These programs include coverage for doctor visits, immunizations, physicals, prescriptions, dental, vision, mental health, substance abuse and more. Please call 1-800-324-8680 for more information or to request an application. Information can also be found on the web at the 
Ohio Department of Medicaid website
. Anyone who has an Ohio Medicaid card is already receiving these services.
The information provided on the application is confidential and will be used only for the purpose of determining eligibility and may be verified at any time during the school year by school or other program official. To discourage the possibility of misrepresentation, the application forms contain a statement above the space for signature certifying that all information furnished is true and correct. Applications are being made in connection with the receipt of federal funds. Schools or other officials may check the information on the application at any time during the school year. Deliberate misrepresentation of information may subject the applicant to prosecution under applicable state and federal laws.
Households will be notified of the approval or denial of benefits.
Foster children are categorically eligible for free meal benefits regardless of the household’s income. If a family has foster children living with them and wishes to apply for such meals or milk for them, contact the school for more information.
Under the provision of the policy, 
Judy Riley
, Food Service Supervisor, will review applications and determine eligibility. If a parent or guardian disagrees with the decision on the application or the result of verification, the decision may be discussed with the determining official on an informal basis. If a formal appeal is desired, the household has the right to a fair hearing. A fair hearing can be requested either orally or in writing from:
Vince Utterback ,90 N. East St., Pickerington, OH 43147 (614.833.2110)
The policy contains an outline of the hearing procedure.
Households may apply for benefits any time during the school year. If a household is not currently eligible and if the household size increases or income decreases because of unemployment or other reasons, the family should contact the school to file a new application. Such changes may make the children of the family eligible for free or reduced-price benefits if the family income falls at or below the levels shown above.
In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA.
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g. Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.), should contact the Agency (State or local) where they applied for benefits. Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in languages other than English.
To file a program complaint of discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, (AD-3027) found online at: 
U.S. Department of Agriculture
, and at any USDA office, or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by mail to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW, Washington, D.C. 20250-9410; by fax at 202.690.7442; or by email at 
program.intake@usda.gov
.
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation