Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Teaching and Learning Department
                The Teaching and Learning Department provides leadership to educational programs and professional learning for teachers and administrators.  We provide leadership for curriculum; assessment; instructional practices; teacher, school and district performance; continuous improvement; career-technical education; federal grants; the Ohio Improvement Process; Parent Curriculum Advisory Council; STEM programming; service learning; and professional development.
As we strive to personalize learning for every student, our staff members oversee intervention and enrichment services including summer academic intervention, credit recovery and new credit, response to intervention programs, College Credit Plus, advanced placement, global scholars, gifted education, and services for English Learners.
We recognize the need to prepare students for a changing, competitive, global workplace and are providing opportunities that reach beyond the boundaries of our schools through STEM programming, partnerships with business and industry, college coursework and service learning.            
The Teaching & Learning Team
                        Sharon Caccimelio                    
                        Executive Director of Teaching & Learning                    
                        614 920-6166                    
                        sharon_caccimelio@plsd.us                    
                        Julie Novel                    
                        Teaching & Learning Coordinator II                    
                        614-920-6167                    
                        julie_novel@plsd.us                    
                        Andrea Baldwin                    
                        Coordinator Teaching & Learning Department                    
                        614.920.6160                    
                        andrea_baldwin@plsd.us                    
                        Maggie Buckley                    
                        Coordinator Teaching & Learning Department                    
                        614.920.6173                    
                        maggie_buckley@plsd.us                    
                        Erik Barbon                    
                        English Language Coordinator                    
                        614-920-6142                    
                        erik_barbon@plsd.us                    
                        Kristin Cline                    
                        Teaching & Learning Coordinator                    
                        614.833.2110                    
                        kristin_cline@plsd.us                    
                        Todd Stanley                    
                        Gifted Coordinator                    
                        614.920.6125                    
                        todd_stanley@plsd.us                    
                        Dean Sabetta                    
                        College Credit Plus Advisor                    
                        614-548-1815                    
                        dean_sabetta@plsd.us                    
                        Juanita Lemke                    
                        Administrative Secretary                    
                        614.920.6167                    
                        juanita_lemke@plsd.us                    
                        Tonya Nuss                    
                        Administrative Secretary Teaching & Learning Dept.                    
                        614.833.2110                    
                        tonya_nuss@plsd.us                    
State Standards
Ohio's Learning Standards
In June 2010, the State Board of Education adopted 
Ohio’s Learning Standards
 in English language arts and mathematics, the results of a multi-state effort. The board also has adopted Ohio’s New Learning Standards in science, social studies, fine arts, world languages, and several other subjects.
These more rigorous standards, geared to college and career readiness, were implemented in Ohio classrooms starting in 2014.
Additional information can be found on the 
Ohio New Learning Standards fact sheet
.
English Language Arts and Literacy
The Common Core State Standards (CCSS) for English language arts include standards for use in English language arts courses, as well as literacy standards in history/social studies, science, and technical subjects.  The standards for English language arts describe expertise that students will develop in the areas of reading, writing, speaking/listening, and language.  The standards also describe how students use and strengthen these skills—particularly reading and writing—in other subjects at their grade level.
Key Features of the Standards
Reading: Text complexity and growth of comprehension
The reading standards place equal emphasis on the sophistication of what students read and the skill with which they read.
Writing: Test types, responding to reading, and research
The writing standards apply to many types of writing: arguments, informative/explanatory texts, and narratives.
Speaking and listening: Flexible communication and collaboration
The speaking and listening standards require students to develop a range of broadly useful oral communication and interpersonal skills.
Language: Conventions (grammar), effective use, and vocabulary
The language standards include the essential “rules” of standard written and spoken English.
Mathematical Practice and Mathematical Content
The Common Core State Standards (CCSS) for mathematics include two types of standards:  one for mathematical practice (how students are able to apply and extend math principles) and one for mathematical content (what students know about math).  The two are linked together while students are learning.
Standards for Mathematical Practice
Make sense of problems and persevere in solving them.
Reason abstractly and quantitatively.
Construct viable arguments and critique the reasoning of others.
Model with mathematics.
Use appropriate tools strategically.
Attend to precision.
Look for and make use of structure.
Look for and express regularity in repeated reasoning.
National PTA Parents’ Guides to Student Success
The Parents’ Guides to Student Success were developed by teachers, parents and education experts in response to the Common Core State Standards that many states have adopted.
Created for Kindergarten through high school English language arts/literacy and mathematics, the guides provide clear, consistent expectations for what students should be learning at each grade in order to be prepared for college and career.
The guides include:
Key items children should be learning in English language arts and mathematics in each grade, once Common Core Standards are fully implemented.
Activities that parents can do at home to support their child’s learning.
Methods for helping parents build stronger relationships with their child’s
Tips for planning for college and career (high school only).
To view the guides, visit the 
National PTA website
.
For more information
Ohio Department of Education
Core Standards
Standards-Based Education
What is Standards-Based Reporting?
Pickerington Schools are committed to the academic growth of all students. A key component of meeting this commitment is the accurate communication of student learning. Every state has outlined expectations for what students should know, understand, and be able to do. These expectations are called standards.
Student learning in grades K-4 is evaluated and reported relative to these standards. In a standards-based system, the goal is to provide accurate information about a student’s level of understanding of the standards. To do this, teachers will focus on student understanding or competency rather than the number of answers that were correct or incorrect.
In a standards-based system, it is no longer sufficient to use the symbols A, B, C, D, F to communicate learning. The grading symbol – called a Performance Score (mark) – provides a clear and specific description of student academic performance.
Reporting student mastery of standards changes the question from, “What’s the average of the student’s work?” to “What does the student understand?”
Benefits of Standards-Based Reporting
While letter grades are familiar to parents, they only give limited information about what a student has learned. Averaging traditional grades does not necessarily present an accurate picture of the learning that a student has achieved. When using letter grades, the grades are averaged and do not necessarily reflect what a student has mastered in a particular area for the “final learning.”
Traditional vs. Standards-Based
In a traditional system:
Subjects are listed by name.
Grades reflect an averaging of scores to determine a letter grade for a subject area.
Letter grades A-F reflect an individual teacher’s expectations, student effort, and achievement.
A child’s performance is labeled and often includes such things as extra credit, work habits, an attitude.
Curriculum and instruction are teacher centered, textbook driven, and not consistently aligned to the state standards.
In a Standards-based system:
Standards are defined by standards.
Grades reflect the level of achievement on various standards for each subject area.
Numerical and/or proficiency levels indicate mastery of the grade level standards. Achievement and effort are reported separately.
Concrete information is given to assist a child, and academic performance is separated from work habits and personal characteristics.
Curriculum and instruction are aligned with state and district standards.
How is a Performance Score (Mark) Determined?
Learning will be reported based on evidence of what a student understands and can do at particular points in time rather than an average over a reporting period.
Performance scores are based on a student’s academic achievement and do not include effort, attitude, or work habits.
Performance scores reflect the quality of student understanding, rather than the quantity of points accumulated.
Practice
Students master standards through instruction and practice. Student practice can be done in a group or independently.
Practice is not used to measure a student’s mastery of the standards, but rather to give students time to develop understanding before understanding is measured. When your child talks about practice or brings home a paper with “Practice” written at the top, it means the student completed the task and the teacher has reviewed the work.
Evidence
After providing opportunities to practice, teachers will measure, or gather evidence on, each student’s level of understanding or mastery of the material taught. Evidence may be an assignment, a test, a center activity, or a one-on-one discussion.
How is a Performance Score (Mark) Reported?
Evidence of student learning is collected at the standard level and reported on the standards-based report card by standard. The performance score (mark) – indicated by an E,M,P,L – provides accurate information about students’ levels of understanding of the standard.
The following are the descriptions for the Performance Scores (Marks):
(E) Exceeding means that your child is consistently exceeding year-end grade level standards. Application of learning is independent and consistently demonstrates higher level thinking skills. The student’s work demonstrates a thorough, in-depth knowledge of above grade level standards as described in the standards. Performance is characterized by the student’s ability to understand, apply and extend key concepts, processes and skills with consistent accuracy and a high degree of quality beyond what is expected at the grade level.
(M) Meeting means that your child is meeting the year-end grade level standard with little teacher support. The student can consistently apply their learning to new situations with accuracy and quality. If a student is meeting the standard, the teacher will continue to provide opportunities for your child to explore subjects at greater levels of depth and complexity. The student’s work demonstrates a solid knowledge of grade level concepts and skills as described in the standards.
(P) Progressing means that your child is making expected progress toward meeting the year-end grade level standards. The student’s work demonstrates partial knowledge of grade level concepts and skills as described in the standards. Performance is characterized by the student’s developing ability to understand and apply key grade level concepts, processes and skills.
(L) Limited Progress means that your child is making limited progress toward year-end standards. The student’s work does not yet demonstrate knowledge of grade level concepts and skills as described in the standards. Performance is characterized by the student’s ability to understand and apply concepts, processes and skills one or more years below grade level. Interventions will be used to support the student in progressing toward grade level standards.
The goal is for students to master the standards. A performance score (mark) of “M” indicates mastery or proficiency in grade-level standards.
By accurately reporting student learning in relationship to instruction with each standard, the instructional needs of students can be better identified. Meeting these needs allows students to grow academically and be prepared to meet tomorrow’s challenges.
Resources for Parents and Students
Academic and Curricular Resources
Eureka math:
 tips for parents
Springboard
 login
ST Math
InfOhio
 PreK-12 Digital Library
Brain Pop
Study Island
STAR Testing
Lead Higher
Read180
Advanced placement
College Credit Plus at Ohio Department of Higher Education
Ohio Department of Education Links
ODE Home
Ohio’s Statewide Testing
Interactive Local Report Card
Parent Curriculum Advisory Committee
What is the Council?
Ohio House Bill 487 requires that districts create a parent advisory committee of some other method of providing feedback to the district on curriculum issues as a way of improving communication and expanding representation in the process.
Roles of a Council Member
Provide representative input to identify key issues and/or topics impacting the quality of education provided to Pickerington students.
Serve as a key communicator in conveying information from their membership to the Council as well as information from the Council to the membership
Provide input in developing parent and community engagement opportunities regarding the issues/topics identified by the PCAC.
Be familiar with the district website, key contacts, and other sources of information regarding curriculum, programs, funding and buildings.
Attend all meetings
Guiding Principles
Guiding principles:
We reflect different grade levels; we are unique buildings with unique make-up’s, so we should make sure everyone is represented.
Ensure timely communication.
Be “available” to your building membership.
Represent your school voice rather than individual issues or concerns.
Direct other issues through appropriate avenues.
Be engaged.
Practice professionalism and confidentiality.
Meeting Minutes and Resources
May 2015 minutes
Ohio Kids Do Much Worse (PDF)
 | 
Ohio Kids Do Much Worse (RTF)
September 2015 agenda
Gifted FAQ presentation
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation