Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Apr 18, 2018
TGMS ‘Dragons’ Headed to Global D.I. Competition
Last year, they were the FBI (the Female Bureau of Investigation.) This year? The D.I. Dragons.
A team of six students from Toll Gate Middle School is headed to Knoxville, Tenn., to represent Pickerington Schools in the global-level 
Destination Imagination
 competition from May 23-26. The all-female sixth-grade team is the first from the district to reach that level in D.I.
“Destination Imagination is a STEM challenge for school-age kids,” explains David Horton, parent advisor and volunteer coach for the team. “They are given challenges, and they have to use their imagination to create a skit that actually solves the challenge they’ve been given.”
In this case, the students – Mia Roes, Madelyn Wurzel, Maggie Randall, Alyssa Stagmyer, Erin Piekenbrock, and Paige Horton – took on the task of developing a theatrical, musical performance that incorporated an automated scene change.
“My girls this year have chosen the fine arts challenge, which is called ‘Change of Tune,’” David Horton explained. “Their solution to the challenge was good enough to earn second place at states this year and earn them a spot at globals.”
The students – working together under the team name D.I. Dragons – will complete alongside 1,400 other teams from across the United States and from other countries.
“They decided to do their musical on a fairy tale performance where there is a knight searching for a princess,” he explained. “During the search, the knight runs into a leprechaun who is looking for a pot of gold. They start searching and realize that the evil enchantress is going to create a dragon army to take over the world.”
The students realize they must defeat the enchantress to save the princess – and the world.
Of course, Destination Imagination is a STEM competition, so there is a science component to the performance. In this case, teams had to develop a system for an automated scene change.
“They actually build a set that has door blinds that automatically flip when they trigger a switch,” Horton explained. “The leprechaun trips over a branch in the woods, which causes a chain reaction that causes a brick to fall behind the scenes. That makes the scene change happen automatically.”
The students created the presentation and scene change process on their own, without adult assistance.
“I think it’s really fun, because every year we do something different,” Roes said of the D.I. competition. “We never know what the challenges will be. It’s always a surprise. This year, we had to make a mechanical scene change, which we’re not used to doing, so it was really out of our comfort zone. It took us a long time to figure out a way to do it. It was a lot of trial and error.”
Wurzel said one of the best parts of working on D.I. is the sense of teamwork it inspires.
“We picked this challenge because it incorporated something that we all thought we would be able to work together on,” Wurzel said. “This challenge definitely had interest for everybody.”
Randall said the scene change was the most difficult part of the process. The end result – an M.C. Escher contraption that operates by kicking a lever that drops a brick tied to a rope that causes the painted door blinds to shift from one scene to the next – is impressive to see.
“It took a lot of changes to make it finally work,” Randall said. “We were so happy when it finally worked.”
To see the D.I. Dragons in action, 
check out this YouTube Video
.
Congratulations, D.I. Dragons. You make Pickerington Proud!
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation