Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
About Pickerington Education Foundation
                The Pickerington Education Foundation was founded in 2004 to enrich, enhance, and support the educational process in the Pickerington Local School District so that every student can achieve his/her full potential. Through its commitment to the community and its support of quality education programs, the Foundation strives to serve as a catalyst for fostering opportunities to enrich the curriculum, instruction and extra-curricular activities of students, faculty, and staff. The Foundation’s core values are integrity, collaboration, and vision.
The Pickerington Education Foundation is a permanent public charity as a fund within the Fairfield County Foundation. As a public charity, all contributions to the Foundation will receive the maximum tax deduction allowed by law.            
Get Your Tickets for the 2017 Charity Auction
Get your tickets now for this year’s fun-filled Pickerington Education Foundation Charity Auction!
The event, which includes dinner, an auction, and live entertainment, will be 6 to 9 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 26, at Hickory Lakes, 12495 Ault Road, Pickerington.
Tickets are $40 per person, which includes an entry into a drawing for the grand prize of a trip to Cancun. Only 300 tickets will be sold for this great event, which benefits Pickerington Schools.
Dinner will be catered by Berwick Manor, and local musician Chris Logsdon will be on hand to provide the evening’s musical entertainment.
The silent auction includes upscale baskets and themed, decorated trees. Proceeds from this event provide grants to Pickerington teachers and buildings for a variety of classroom projects.
Sponsors include Diley Ridge Medical Center, Mount Carmel, Fairfield Medical Center, EPS, and SHP Leading Design.
Buy Your Tickets Here
Price Includes Handing Fee
One ticket $42.00 USD
Two tickets $83.00 USD
Three tickets $124.00 USD
Four tickets $165.00 USD
Support Your Schools by Supporting the PEF
Support Your Schools by Supporting the PEF
Donations support long-term capital, building, facility, technology, and equipment needs for teachers and students.
Through your donations, the foundation provides grants and matching programs for classroom opportunities and solutions; new ideas and programs develop life skills and promote service learning across the district.
Make a donation to the Foundation via PayPal
.
Tools for Teachers
Grants allow educators to seed new ideas and approaches to teaching and learning that support creativity. These ideas demonstrate widespread impact across students in the classroom and throughout the district.
Through the Foundation, thousands of grants have been awarded to elementary, middle school, junior high and high school staff for innovative programs in all core curriculum areas, music, physical education, special education and counseling.
The period for grant applications is not currently open.
Contact PEF
Pickerington Education Foundation
PO Box 817
Pickerington, OH 43147
Social Media
Follow us on 
Facebook
Alumni
Pickerington Schools receives calls weekly about alumni: where they are, how can we contact them, etc.  The district has no means to keep these records.  So, the Pickerington Education Foundation has taken on this challenge to connect alumni with each other for gatherings, for Reunions, or just to be able to reestablish old friendships.
Register today and get your classmates to register too.
Board of Directors
Lori Sanders – President
Stephanie Charache – Secretary
Ryan Jenkins – Treasurer
Dr. Chris Briggs – Board Member
Theresa Byers – Board Member
Carla Fultz – Board Member
David Horton – Board Member
MaryBeth Johann – Board Member
Craig Maxey – Board Member
Aimee Milligan – Board Member
Cathy Olshefski – Board Member
Brian Seymour – Board Member
2016 Charity Auction
Thank you to everyone for making our annual charity dinner such a success. We had a great night and raised some money for our teachers and kids.
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation