Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Instructional Technology Plan
                This technology plan is the current best representation of the District’s vision, goals, and objectives for instructional technology. As such, it is a living document that will always be under revision and adjustment. It is flexible, but specific enough to act as a guide in decision making and budgeting funds. It is the intention of the Pickerington Local School District Technology Committee to make recommendations with specific goals and objectives in mind. This on-going, constantly updated plan, with its associated timelines and priorities, provides guidance.
The recommendations contained in this technology plan are intended to provide direction for the Board of Education, Superintendent, Assistant Superintendent, Treasurer, directors, principals, building administrators, building technology advisors, teachers, support staff, parents, and students in planning for technology initiatives. Building on the existing infrastructure, the plan outlines steps needed to achieve the next level of development. This plan for the use of technology and is designed to have a significant positive impact on teaching and learning in the District.
Through these supports, and with the current plan, the District continues to deepen teachers’ and administrators’ understandings of the uses of technology to support learning. This technology plan continues to outline overarching goals for the continued integration of technology in the District.            
2017-2018 One2One Device Information
All 2017-2018 One2One information about devices, device agreement, technology protection plan and dates & times for device handout can be found on the 
Technology in the Classroom
 page.
Building The Classroom of Tomorrow
Overarching Goals for Technology
• Improve student achievement and academic growth
• Enhance the curriculum
• Integrate technology into the curriculum to increase academic opportunities
• Increase 21st century technology skills of all students and all staff
• Every school will have the infrastructure to support learning with technology
• Utilize technology to expand the academic environment outside of the traditional school day
• Educate staff members on the importance instructional technology best practices and social media skills and give professional opportunities to all staff members.
Technology Committee
Mission of the Technology Committee
The mission of the Pickerington Local School District Technology Committee is to support the implementation of the Technology Plan by bringing representatives from the Technology Department, Teaching and Learning Department, administrators and teachers together to review, modify, create, and support District instructional technology plans and procedures. The PLSD Technology Committee is charged with the following:
Examine and recommend technology-related procedures on a continual basis to address the needs of instruction.
Meet regularly to provide the instructional and informational departments an opportunity to collaborate on determining the technology needs of the District.
Supply feedback on recommendations made by the Director of Instructional Technology concerning the implementation and use of existing and emerging technologies.
Communicate policies and procedures to staff and parents via building technology advisors and/or staff/parent newsletters.
Revise the District Technology Plan as needed.
Encourage and support innovative technology use and practices.
Assess the technology needs and concerns of staff.
Explore and recommend the implementation of emerging technologies.
Explore and apply grant opportunities related to technology needs.
Communicate technology “wishes” to potential funding entities (e.g. PTOs and the Pickerington Education Foundation).
Supply input for professional development needs of the District.
Encourage and support professional development and training for all employees.
Utilize researched-based information in all work related to instructional technology.
Members of the General Technology Committee
Teri Allen, Instructional Coach
Teresa Ciotola, Assistant Principal
Edward Delp, Technology Resource Leader**
Heidi Deyo, Instructional Coach
Amber Friedrich, Elementary Special Education Teacher*
Sean Flynn, Assistant Principal**
Jennifer Harris, MS Teacher
Darin Hartsell, Technology Supervisor
Patrick Hearn, Lead Technician**
Heather Hermanns, MS Teacher
Kim Kissell, Media Specialist*
Kathy Lambert, Science Teacher
Leatha Lee, Technology Teacher
Kevin McChesney, Science Teacher
Sheri McClarren, Science Teacher*
Sarah Morman, MS Teacher
Marnie Miller, Technology Teacher*
Melissa Moriarty, Principal*
Kris Owen, School Counselor
Whitney Robinson, Instructional Technology Coordinator*
David Rotch, System Analyst**
Traci Rousch, MS Teacher
Kerri Schill, Technology Teacher**
Steve Schill, Industrial Technology Teacher
Joni Scipione, Instructional Coach
Brian Seymour, Director of Instructional Technology*
Kristen Vollmar, Kindergarten Teacher*
Amy Warren, Assistant Principal**
Jamie Watts, Instructional Coach
*denotes members of the Executive Technology Committee
** denotes member is no longer with the school district.
Planning Process
Technology Planning Process
This technology plan was created through a collaborative process with faculty, support staff, administrators, Board of Education, and the community. Members of the District Technology Committee attended meetings and work sessions between August 2013 and December 2015 to continue to develop the various components of the plan.
In order to provide a technology program that will continue to support and enhance the educational and administrative programs in our district, the committee developed this on-going plan.
In addition to discussions and presentations within the District Technology Committee and meetings throughout the District, a wide range of additional information was used in the development of this plan. This information included staff meetings, reviews of research, and other technology planning literature, such as the federal E-Rate planning guidelines, the ISTE planning tools, and the Partnership for 21st Century Skills framework.
The Instructional Technology Department has updated its goals and redefined its mission and vision for the current and future school years.
The District established through the strategic planning process a vision, mission and belief statements, which led to the corresponding implementation plan for the next phase of technology training and acquisition that includes objectives for each area.
This planning document reflects the vision for instructional technology implementation in each critical area. For each area, the vision process will establish the District’s expectations, appropriate measures of implementation success, and implementation milestones for the upcoming school year, and existing and emerging technologies to support the goals and proposed timeline.
Some examples of the questions that will be addressed as part of the vision and planning process include:
How can we encourage and train teachers to use technology in powerful ways?
How can data be housed and collected in a more meaning and impactful way?
How can teachers integrate more technology into their curriculum?
How can we expand our infrastructure to support all of the instructional technology needs and goals?
How can we provide students and staff with the appropriate number of devices?
This technology plan is intended to mesh with all Pickerington Local School District’s instructional technology and curriculum initiatives, as well as to support our District’s mission, vision and belief statements.
The plan was developed from the strong belief, supported by research, that technology can significantly enhance the learning environment and improve teaching and learning. Furthermore, technology is seen as a critical component of our efforts to adequately prepare our students. This technology plan defines the vision and objectives for continuing to move our students and the Pickerington Local School District forward in the 21st century.
The committee members recognize that as they continue planning during the ongoing technology implementation phase, they will provide support across schools in the following areas:
Matching devices with instructional needs and curriculum goals
Matching software and accessory purchases with instructional needs and curriculum goals
Creating the vision and policies to be used by schools and departments to determine how technology will be distributed to instructional areas
Implementing and tracking the priorities for technology leases and purchases
Providing professional development for instructional and non-instructional staff
Evaluating the effectiveness of current and new instructional technology tools.
Possible Future Technology Impact
The Technology Committee understands that the world of technology is ever-changing and to forecast the future use of emerging technology is difficult.
  With that idea, the technology committee points to the following technology trends for making future recommendations.
Mobile devices continue to gain market share
Desktop computers become less important
Cloud based software continues to impact in usage of software and instructional technology tools
Users expect access to information and data anytime/anywhere
Significant growth in importance of 1:1 environments
Students have choice between online and traditional learning
Paperless, digital lifestyle (books, news, media, video, images, music, etc)
Leveraging of social media in the classrooms
Bring your own device (BYOD) will gain importance
Gamification in digital curriculum
Anytime/Anywhere digital learning
Vision & Instructional Purpose of Technology
Technology Vision
The Pickerington Local School District (PLSD) is committed to providing students with a technology rich learning environment. The Pickerington Local School District will incorporate technology as a natural part of education through an integrated, comprehensive framework to govern acquisition, application, and evaluation of technological resources to ensure that all students will have the opportunity to develop the 21st century skills necessary to be productive citizens in an information-driven, global society.
Vision
The vision of Pickerington Local School District is to provide all students with a blended learning experience with access to technology which will assist them in:
showing mastery in all of the content areas
increasing skills in critical thinking, collaboration and communication
being prepared for the next level of education
successfully attaining the skills and proficiencies required of today’s work force.
In addition, all administrators, teachers, and district/school staff will use technology through a blended learning approach to effectively help students attain high standards and prepare for tomorrow’s world of work.
Blended Learning
Blended Learning is a method of instruction in which a student learns at least in part through delivery of content and instruction via digital and online media with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace. We believe that students need a rich and wide array of instructional methods.
  The tools that the teacher or the student uses to learn must to be the appropriate tool.
  Some tasks may require the use of technology, some tasks may require paper and pencil, some may require the student to act out their learning.
  In a blended learning environment all of those tools and learning methods are significant to end goal of increasing student achievement.
Why Technology?
In the 21st century, understanding and using technology will be an integral part of virtually every aspect of daily life. It is the school system’s responsibility to prepare students for this future. The classroom is the primary place where this preparation will occur; therefore, every classroom must be equipped with technology to support teaching and learning. Every teacher must be knowledgeable and skilled in the use of these technologies in daily instruction. When integrated into instruction, technology will support new strategies for teaching and learning by:
addressing diverse learning styles,
accommodating individual learning rates,
encouraging cooperative learning,
helping students accept responsibility for their learning,
providing the means to communicate globally, and
improving academic achievement in all areas.
The use of technology in instruction changes the structure of the classroom. No longer should the teacher rely solely on the traditional lecture/seat work method of instruction. In a technology-rich, student-centered classroom, the teacher serves as a facilitator of instruction, mentor, and coach. Technology will provide a record of the student’s academic history and ways to manage learning progress and activities. Teachers have the data and information needed to individualize instruction and assessment as well as make other important instructional management decisions. Through technology, teachers and students will access a wealth of materials, services, and networks throughout the state, nation, and world. Technology does not replace the teacher, but rather supports and enhances the educational process.
Instructional Purpose of Technology
Integrating technology into classroom instruction means more than teaching basic computer skills and software applications in a separate computer class. Effective technology integration must happen across the curriculum in ways that research shows deepen and enhance the teaching and learning process. In particular, it must support four key components of learning: active engagement, participation in groups, frequent interaction and feedback. Effective technology integration is achieved when the use of technology is routine and transparent and when technology supports curriculum goals.
Effective technology integration to improve teaching and learning is not about the device, but how the device is used to improve both teaching and learning.
  The instructional outcome or result is always the goal.
  The device is an instrument to achieve those goals.
  Technology can allow educators and students a new way to reach previously unreachable learning outcomes.
Technology also changes the way teachers teach, offering educators effective ways to reach different types of learners and assess student understanding through multiple means. It also enhances the relationship between teacher and student. When technology is effectively integrated into subject areas, teachers grow into roles of advisor, content expert, facilitator and coach. Technology helps make teaching and learning more impactful and engaging.
Pickerington Local School District is adopting a blended learning approach to the integration of technology.
  This approach allows teachers to combine the best teaching practice from a traditional classroom and those from a digital classroom.
  The teaching strategies should align to the goals of the learning objective.
  Some lessons may require the use of technology, other lessons technology may not be needed, while other lessons may need technology for part of the lesson.
  The end goal is to have and utilize the proper tool to enhance the curriculum and meet the instructional needs of the students.
Technology is all too often applied as an add-on to existing curriculum. To maximize its potential benefits — such as the development of higher-order thinking skills — educators must weave technology into the curriculum in such a way that the tool matches the desired learning outcome.
Connection with Teaching and Learning
Technology and teaching & learning must be a close relationship.
  When integrating technology in the classroom or curriculum there are a few questions that should be examined first:
Regardless of the technology, what’s the essential outcome the lesson?
How are these technology tools enhancing the curriculum?
What will the students do with these tools – during and after class?
Am I using technology in a powerful way?
How will the use of this technology improve my teaching?
The use of technology in the classroom should properly align with the subject/grade level’s curriculum; including standards, curriculum maps, pacing guides and assessments.
  The question that teachers should continually ask is how does the use of this technology help students learn the intended outcome or curricular goal.
  Technology needs to be used for an intended purpose.
SAMR Model
The District has adopted the SAMR model in assisting teachers through the process of integrating technology into their classroom and using it in powerful ways.
SAMR is a model designed to help educators infuse technology into teaching and learning. Developed by Dr. Ruben Puentedura, the model supports and enables teachers to design, develop, and infuse digital learning experiences that utilize technology. The goal is to transform learning experiences so they result in higher levels of achievement for students.
The Substitution Augmentation Modification Redefinition model offers a method of seeing how computer technology might impact teaching and learning.
  It also shows a progression that adopters of educational technology often follow as they progress through teaching and learning with technology. 
Substitution: The new technology is used as a direct substitute for an older tool, with no change in the tasks undertaken by students or how these tasks are accomplished. At this level, no noticeable improvements in student outcomes are recorded.
Augmentation: The new technology substitutes for an older tool, with no change in the tasks undertaken by students. However, features of the new technology are used to improve how these tasks are carried out, such as by making the tasks easier or faster to accomplish or by providing additional features not previously available. At this level, small improvements in student outcomes are recorded.
Modification: The tasks to be undertaken by students are significantly redesigned in order to achieve new educational goals. The redesign is made possible by features of the new technology, not available before. At this level, noticeable improvements in student outcomes are recorded.
Redefinition: Older tasks are replaced in part or in whole by newer tasks in order to achieve previously unattainable educational goals. The new tasks are made possible by features of the technology, not available before. At this level, strong improvements in student outcomes are recorded.
Essential Conditions for Successful Technology Integration (ISTE)
These are the necessary conditions to effectively leverage instructional technology for teaching and learning. It is the goal of the Technology Committee that all schools in the District foster and create a culture in which all of these conditions are present and active in the buildings.
Shared Vision – 
Proactive leadership develops a shared vision for instructional technology among all educational stakeholders, including teachers and support staff, school and district administrators, students, parents and the community.
Empowered Leaders  – 
Stakeholders at every level are empowered to be leaders in effecting change.
Implementation Planning – 
All stakeholders follow a systematic plan aligned with a shared vision for school effectiveness and student learning through the infusion of instructional technology and digital learning resources.
Consistent and Adequate Funding – 
Ongoing funding supports technology infrastructure, personnel, digital resources, instructional technology devices/tools and staff development.
Equitable Access – 
All students, teachers, staff and school leaders have robust and reliable connectivity and access to current and emerging technologies and digital resources.
Skilled Personnel – 
Educators, support staff and other leaders are skilled in the selection and effective use of appropriate instructional technology resources.
Ongoing Professional Learning – 
Educators have ongoing access to technology-related professional learning plans and opportunities as well as dedicated time to practice and share ideas.
Technical Support – 
Educators and students have access to reliable assistance for maintaining, renewing and using instructional technology tools and digital learning resources.
Curriculum Framework – 
Content standards and related digital curriculum resources align with and support digital age learning and work.
Student-Centered Learning – 
Planning, teaching and assessment all center on the needs and abilities of the students.
Assessment and Evaluation – 
Teaching, learning, leadership and the use of instructional technology tools and digital resources are continually assessed and evaluated.
Engaged Communities – 
Leaders and educators develop and maintain partnerships and collaboration within the community to support and fund the use of instructional technology tools and digital learning resources.
Support Policies – 
Policies, financial plans and accountability measures support the use of instructional technology tools and other digital resources for both learning and district/school operations.
Supportive External Context – 
Policies and initiatives at the national, regional and local levels support schools and teacher preparation programs in the effective implementation of technology for achieving curriculum and learning technology standards.
Common Definitions of Digital Learning and Tools
Digital Learning – is any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strengthen a student’s learning experience.
Synchronous Online Learning – refers to a learning event in which a group of online students are engaging in learning at the same time.
Asynchronous Online Learning – is a student-centered teaching method that uses online learning resources to facilitate information sharing outside the constraints of time and place among a network of students.
Hybrid Digital Learning – is a model of course design that combines traditional, face-to-face class time with online course work
Distance Learning – is a method of studying in which lectures are broadcast or classes are conducted over the Internet, without the student’s needing to attend a school or college. Also called distance education.
Massively Open Online Courses (MOOCs) – is an online course with the option of free and open registration, a publicly-shared curriculum, and open-ended outcomes. MOOCs integrate social networking, accessible online resources, and are facilitated by leading practitioners in the field of study. Most significantly, MOOCs build on the engagement of learners who self-organize their participation according to learning goals, prior knowledge and skills, and common interests.
Computer Infused Classrooms – is a classroom in which the curriculum is mostly delivered through a computer application. Students can work at their own pace and teacher works with small groups.
Blended Learning – is a method of instruction in which a student learns at least in part through delivery of content and instruction via digital and online media with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace.
Technology Integrated Classrooms – is a classroom in which technology is integrated into the traditional classroom, but typical teaching methods are used.
Flipped Classrooms – is an instructional strategy and a type of blended learning that reverses the traditional educational arrangement by delivering instructional content, often online, outside of the classroom and moves activities, including those that may have traditionally been considered homework, into the classroom.
Devices – any piece of equipment that contains a processor, memory and data paths (e.g. laptop computer, desktop computer, iPad, smartphone, etc)
Mobile Device – any device that can be easily moved around (e.g. iPads, laptops)
Static Device or Static Lab – refers to any device that is not easily moved around (e.g. desktop computers)
Assisted Technology Devices – are identified in the IDEA 2004 as: Any item, piece of equipment or product system, whether acquired commercially off the shelf, modified, or customized, that is used to increase, maintain, or improve the functional capabilities of children with disabilities.
Learning Management System (LMS) – is a software application for the administration, documentation, tracking, reporting and delivery of electronic educational technology (also called e-learning) education courses or training programs.
Instructional Improvement System (IIS) – is a platform that provides data to enable teachers, principals and other administrators to manage continuous instructional improvement. Allows for the storage and analysis of data.
  Additionally the platform allows for the creation of online assessments through a stored database of vetted questions.
1:1 devices – A digital learning environment where all students have 24/7 access to a device.
  The device becomes part of the curriculum and a daily part of the teaching and learning.
Cloud-Based Computing – An environment in which data is stored via the Internet in a server somewhere else in the world.
  In a cloud-based device nothing is stored locally on the device.
Gamification – The creation of learning games in which there are set rules, goals and objectives and students get feedback and results based outcome
Gears of Blended Learning Concept
In Pickerington Local School District, we believe that the future of technology integration is through a blended learning model that would create an environment where students and teachers learn and teach more effectively. Blended learning can provide students with choice and voice in their learning which has the ability to be customized for each student, reaching students of varying learning styles.
The goal of blended learning is to combine the best teaching practice from a traditional classroom and those from a digital classroom.
  The teaching strategies should align to the goals of the learning objective.
  Some lessons may require the use of technology, other lessons technology may not be needed, while other lessons may need technology for part of the lesson.
  The end goal is to have and utilize the proper tool to enhance the curriculum and meet the instructional needs of the students.
Here are the eight characteristics of Pickerington’s Blended Learning environment.
Learning Environment 
–
 A physical space that is  inviting, safe and flexible. This environment promotes communication, collaboration, innovation, inspiration, creative exploration which encourages learning through productivity.
Blended learning model of learning require educators to rethink how they organize physical spaces to facilitate best collaborative learning using digital tools. Considerations include the following:
Are the design and layout of the physical space dynamic and flexible enough to facilitate the technology-enabled learning models and practices selected? Can a space in which an educator delivers whole-class instruction also be shifted to facilitate individual online practice and research?
Do the physical spaces align in their ability to facilitate individual and collaborative work? When practices such as project-based learning require students to be working together with multiple devices for research and presentation building, is the space as useful as when individual learners need time and space to connect with information and experts online for personalized learning?
Can the physical spaces and tools be shaped to provide multiple contexts and learning experiences such as Wi-Fi access for outdoor classrooms? Are library spaces able to become laboratories? Can a space used as a history lecture hall for one class become a maker space for engineering the next period?
Look Fors:
Student choice is embedded throughout the learning process. Learning may appear non-traditional with high student engagement.
Physical learning space is inviting and purposefully designed to promote creativity, collaboration, critical thinking, and communication.
Environment is where experimentation and failure is encouraged. A growth mindset culture is valued and embraced.
Students have the flexibility to move fluidly throughout the learning environment in order to produce high quality work.
Examples:
Flexibility of space
Encourages flexible student grouping
Encourages student engagement and active learning
Student voice
Teacher as facilitator
Supports collaboration
Efficient flow of learning
Instruction
 –
 Instructional best practices will be blended with effective technology tools to personalize learning. Learning opportunities outside of the classroom as well as innovative experiences within the classroom are used to increase student understanding.
Look Fors:
The use of a variety of tools re-defines traditional tasks and promotes the creation of new products, thoughts, ideas, and artifacts.
Teachers and students consistently draw on the expertise of others inside and outside the classroom to provide a deeper learning through authentic experiences.
The flexible instructional plan is designed so that students choose their path to mastery and demonstration of learning.
Examples:
Blend a variety of instructional models
Flexibility of student grouping
Content Available 24/7/365
Differentiation promotes personalization
Blogs and forums
Video conferencing to connect with outside experts
Short screen recordings to teach discrete skills and processes
Simulations in class that help students understand how things work
Learning targets are clearly communicated to students
Standards based learning
Student ownership of the learning experience
Encourages scientific inquiry process
Apps are used as a teaching and learning tools
Learning that includes the use of digital resources to use less paper
Teacher can now create the content using interactive and multimodal resources
Digital content are relevant and ever-changing
Strategies for engaging all students
Access to quality productivity software cloud based, could have a personal account
Work flow organization and management of files, content and resources.
Teachers and students work collaboratively in the learning process
Student Learning 
–
 Students will take ownership and demonstrate understanding through authentic and relevant ways.  Students will have a voice and choice in how they demonstrate their learning.
Look Fors:
Students are given opportunities to take ownership in the creation of the learning experience.
Student passions and interests are utilized in lesson learning options to enhance personal investment.
Work is meaningful to the learner and shared with an authentic audience.
Students use technology tools to create personalized opportunities to explore content deeper to enhance the learning experience.
Examples:
Authentic and meaningful work
Deeper thinking, deeper projects, beyond Google with no simple answers and solving complicated problems
As appropriate, students can turn in work digitally
Student work teaches and supports classmates
Student have choice and opportunities to make informed decisions
Student centered/student driven
Student voice and choice in how they demonstrate learning
Open-ended inquiry learning, inquiry based
Critical thinking
Infuse gaming
Students have opportunities to be experts
Work happens through collaboration that extends outside of classroom walls
Student responsibility and management of their device
Personalized to the individual allowing for individual exploration in learning, yet still focused on clear-learning targets.
Creative, personalized projects and presentations
Student use of productivity tools to show their understanding
Work demonstrates technical and information literacy skills
Engaged Communities
 –
 The district and outside community culture is one in which teachers, students, parents and community members are empowered and inspired to teach and learn from one another. Learning is a partnership and a shared experience in a student centered classroom. Student learning is personalized and encourages critical thinking.
Look Fors:
Teacher is a facilitator that deepens knowledge by asking probing questions to provoke critical thinking.
The students and teachers take ownership in learning and overall classroom by becoming partners in learning. Ongoing and timely feedback is provided to students and teachers.
Teachers and students inspire each other’s exploration that leads to discovery and further questions from inquiry.
Examples:
Classroom, teachers and students model a Growth Mindset
Technology is a means to the end, not the end. It’s not about the device but how technology integration enhances and enriches student learning.
Learning is a blend between traditional & digital
Creativity
Innovation
Steeped in spontaneity
Flexible and ever changing
Activities create the need to know
Develops the “5th C” of 21st Century skills “connected”
Everyone works to develop problem-solving and troubleshooting skills
Ability to adapt to unpredicted situations
Emphasizing an atmosphere where student advocacy, initiative, adaptability, work ethic are fostered. (Character traits essential for future success)
Don’t let software or apps dictate the learning goals!
Eliminate:  “I can’t do this because I don’t have . . .”
System-wide support for all community learners (students, teachers and parents). Encourage and support risk taking for all.
Device use is organic to everyday classroom use
Pickerington U – 
The District believes with any piece of teaching and learning there needs to be training available for our staff to properly leverage the instructional tools that are available.
  Pickerington U will be the umbrella term for all training available for staff and students in terms of the blended learning program.
Look Fors:
Staff will have relevant, differentiated and on-going training sessions around the use of blended learning in their classroom.
Staff with have multiple options for training, including whole group, small group, individualized and online trainings available.
The creation of an online database of instructional technology videos will be made available for all staff and students to increase the availability of anywhere, anytime learning.
Examples:
Focus on personalized training to meet the needs of all adult learners.
Self – Evaluation and Peer Evaluations
Ongoing District Evaluations
Creation of PLN (Personal Learning Networks)
Ongoing availability of resources to support the issue of technology in the classroom.
Teacher’s confidence level of technology integration increases.
Staff members working with others to build their capacity
One2One
 –
 Blended learning requires the use of a device when that device is the appropriate tool to reach that instructional goal or objective.
  Technology needs to be available when the student or teacher needs to use it, not only when the computer lab is available or a cart is not being used.
  The ability to go One2One with devices allows for the use of technology to be seamless in the classroom, not seen as a hurdle.
Look Fors:
Integration of technology into the curriculum to enhance or support the curriculum.
Increased student engagement through the use of the device.
Student-centered classroom, teacher as facilitator
Device allows for anytime, anywhere learning
Additional teaching and learning opportunities outside of the traditional school day.
Increased communication, collaboration, and critical thinking skills.
Examples:
Increase use of digital tools in the curriculum
Increase application into the transformation parts of the SAMR model.
Devices have a positive affect on student achievement.
Reduction in paper usage
Teachers implement additional technology related teaching methods like flipped classrooms or station rotation models.
Increased student engagement
Better organization for students and teachers
Digital learning allows for a 24/7 process
Support
 – 
In best utilizing blended learning, our staff will need support, both instructionally and technically.
  With the adoption of the One2One program more devices will be put in the hands of students then ever before.
  More devices equals more technical issues equals more need for skilled individuals to help solve those issues.
  Additionally, support for the instructional piece will be needed as well to fully use these devices in powerful ways.
Look Fors:
Increase in skill and knowledge of staff members
Increased training opportunities (Pickerington U) for all staff members
Technology leadership training for administration and instructional coaches.
Timeliness of technology help desk tickets resolutions
Creation of student genius bars to leverage students strengths and skills in technology
Increase technical knowledge of building technology advisors and technology teachers.
Examples:
Increased knowledge and skill for integrating technology into the curriculum.
Digital tools are used seamlessly into the curriculum
Teachers and students work collaboratively in the learning process.
Technology help desk tickets are responded to in a more efficient manner.
Building staff has increased technical skills
Student Technology Guru Program (high school & junior high school) is available all periods of the school day and before and after to provide technical assistance for students and teachers.
Tradigital Learning
Tradigital Learning is the form of blended learning created by Pickerington Local School District. Tradigital Learning is the blending of the best teaching practices from a traditional classroom with those best teaching practices of a digital classroom. 
Research shows that by just simply adding technology into the classroom it has a negative effect on teaching and learning.
  The pedagogy has to be modified.
  Tradigital Learning honors the good work that teachers have done in the past by identifying the effective teaching strategies from a traditional classroom and keeping those “in play.” As well as identifying the best teaching practices from the “new” digital classroom. 
We have identified the following as the best teaching practices from a traditional classroom, based on the work of John Hattie, Visible Learning.
  Hattie’s work looked at over 900 meta-studies involving over 400,000 students.
  Hattie’s work looked at and determine the effect of the teaching strategy of practice.
  Each strategy/practice was given an effect size.
  For more detailed information please visit the 
Visible Learning website
.
To best meet the needs of Tradigital learning the teacher must change the pedagogy towards a more student-centered approach and become a facilitator over the traditional lecturer.
  The classroom also needs to change to more of a small group station rotation. The goal is for all classrooms to have a minimum of four different stations that include: 
 – Teacher-led
– Technology Enhanced (Digital)
– Independent Practice
– The 5Cs – Communication, Collaborative, Creative, Critical Thinking and Connected
The classroom physical space also needs to change to support Tradigital Learning.
  Flexible furniture and ability to move furniture is a must.
  Classroom furniture will need to be grouped according to the design of the lessons.
  Desk and chair in rows all facing forward does not work in Tradigital Learning. 
Goals Year 1– Get used to teaching in Tradigital and One-to-One learning environment.
  Use Google Classroom as your digital hub and begin working with the process of station rotation.
Goals Year 2 – Digital Tools and LMS is fully integrated into the classroom, station rotation groups are differentiated based on pre-assessment data.
Goals Year 3 – Advanced digital tools are integrated and used in all forms for the SAM Model.
  Personalized is happening at the student level.
Technology Inventory (2013-15)
The District owns 14 buildings, all of which have fiber providing connections back to the District Network Operations Center (NOC). This is a hub and spoke architecture using AT&T fiber. Meta Solutions serves as the District’s ITC. The District provides voice, video and data from the District’s NOC to each of the buildings. All buildings have 10GB switches for future bandwidth upgrades. All PLSD buildings have Ruckus access points with beam flex, installed in the summer of 2014.
Bandwidth Upgrades:
Fall 2013 – 10MB
Spring 2013 – 100MB
Fall 2014 – 400 MB
Spring 2015 – 1 GB
Fall 2015 – 1.5 GB
Learning, teaching, and assessment enabled by technology require a robust infrastructure. Key elements of this infrastructure include high-speed connectivity and devices that are available to teachers and students when they need them. Aside from wires and devices, a comprehensive learning infrastructure includes digital learning content and other resources as well as professional development for educators and education leaders.
Current Inventory of Devices per Building
In the summer of 2013 and 2014 PLSD entered into two separate three-year leases with Apple for iPads, laptops and desktops.
  This inventory (devices available to students) is what is identified in the PLSD JAMF system as of September 4th, 2015. Ratio = Number of students per device.
Note: These numbers do not include devices deemed as Near End of Life Devices (NELD) or devices that were purchased in or before 2009.
  See below for information about NELD.
Criteria for Near End of Life Devices
The District understands the rapid rate of change and advancement in the areas of hardware. In response to this change, the District must manage its technology assets in a manner consistent with both fiscal prudence and the need to provide technologically appropriate systems to students and staff.
The goals of the technology replacement plan are to:
Assure that appropriate technology is available to support the mission and vision of the District
Assure that each faculty member has a device of sufficient capability to fulfill his/her responsibilities
Provide for the cost effective and timely purchasing and installation of new equipment
Expedite the disposal of old equipment
Computer Life Cycle
The useful service life of a typical device is approximately four to seven years. The District’s inventory of computers may turn over every five to six years. In the Summer of 2013, the District entered into a three-year lease agreement with Apple for the lease of iPads, laptops and desktops. In the One2One program, the student devices will be refreshed on a four-year cycle.
  Students will have one device for grades 5-8 and then traded in for a new device for grades 9-12.
Near End of Life Technology Equipment
The District will maintain all technology equipment until it is ineffective. This process will continue until the equipment is no longer capable of functioning or the cost to upgrade or repair becomes too great. The technology equipment considered to be at the end of life cycle will be submitted to the Technology Department for removal from the inventory. Devices that are determined to be at the end of life cycle will either be recycled or sold back to a company.
Google Apps for Education
The District is offering students and staff a free educational suite of applications for use to enhance teaching and learning. Google Apps is a concept known as “in the cloud” where services and storage are provided over the Internet. The District is providing users Google Message Security. This service provides System Administrators the capability to limit messages based on where they are from, where they are going, or the content they contain. The District will use this technology protection measure to block or filter, to the extent practicable, access to visual depictions that are obscene, pornographic, and harmful to minors over the network. This is in compliance with CIPA, Children’s Internet Protection Act.
Staff will be given access to the full suite of Google Apps for Education applications on the date of when their first contract begins.
  Access will be retained throughout the entire length of their contract.
  If a staff member takes a leave for more then one semester, their access will be suspended until the leave has officially ended.
  For staff members that are retiring, their access will be terminated one month after their retirement date.
  Staff members that are resigning their access will be terminated one week after their resignation date. The technology department and Human Resources Department have the right to suspend access at any time. 
Students will be given access to Google Apps for Education once they enroll in the district.
  Students’ access for grade kindergarten through grade four will be limited to sharing and emailing only with the 
plsd.us domain.
  Students’ access in grades five through twelve will be able to share and email inside and outside of the 
plsd.us domain.
System administrators have the right to view any and all data (staff and student) stored within the PLSD Google Apps For Education domain.
All email messages are immediately archived and stored for a period of time until they no longer have administrative value.
Please note that email messages and any responses may constitute a public record, and therefore may be available upon request in accordance with Ohio public records law (ORC 149.43).
Technology Objectives from the PLSD Strategic Plan
Objective 1.2 – Use highly effective teaching practices that increase every student’s academic achievement
Improve best practices to integrate technology in the classroom to increase student achievement.
Each summer the instructional technology department with input from the Department of Teaching and Learning will develop three to five best practices to concentrate throughout the district.
The instructional technology department will conduct numerous professional development opportunities based on the identified best practices.
An evaluation metric will be created to determine the effectiveness of these best teaching practices.
Objective 1.4 – Use assessment and data to make informed decisions
Identify, implement and refine the use of a digital platform for the housing of assessment data and administration of assessments
A digital platform will be selected that teachers and administrators will have access to all student testing data (National, State and Local) as well as a platform that will allow teachers to develop and administer 21st Century online assessments.
Ongoing professional development will be supplied on the effective use of utilizing data to personalize instruction.
Training and guidance will be available for parents in the parent portal of this platform.
Objective 1.8 – Develop a culture of continuous, collaborative, and personalized learning for our staff.
Increase the professional learning of all staff members to increase technology integration.
Instructional technology professional development would revolve around the yearly best practices and new and current instructional technology initiatives.
Development of a 24/7 online instructional technology tools learning platform.
Creation of numerous professional development options for building leaders to deliver
Creation of differentiated professional development options
Creation of personal learning communities (PLC) inside and outside of the school building.
Re-examine the role of the building technology advisor with more of emphasis on instructional technology teaching and learning.
Build the instructional technology capacity of our building leaders.
Objective 1.11 – Expand access to technology devices, software and infrastructure to all students and staff.
Expansion of WIFI through different areas of the building (inside and outside)
Constant examination of proper technology infrastructure in all building across the district
Yearly assessment of proper bandwidth for the needs of our instructional technology initiatives and goals.
Designation of at least one outdoor area with WIFI access for students to access during non-school hours.
Expansion of WIFI to athletic stadiums, pending on local sponsorships
Determine the process and legal aspects for the District to provide WIFI home access for families in high need areas of the District.
Objective 1.11 – Expand access to technology devices, software and infrastructure to all students and staff.
Establish community study stations in high need areas such as apartment complexes.
Create partnerships between high need apartment complexes and the District to provide devices for community study stations
Determine legal concerns for the District in creating community study stations.
Provide support for the apartment complex managers with the community study stations.
Objective 1.11 – Expand access to technology devices, software and infrastructure to all students and staff.
Increase device ratio to a possible 1:1
Increase the number of school owned devices, while remaining fiscally responsible and within given budget.
Develop a lease to own program for staff members
Develop a lease to own program for students/parents.
Creation of a Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) program with procedures and policies
Creation of a check out procedure to allow students the ability to take home a devices for an extended period of time.
Objective 1.12 – Implement a variety of digital learning options to expand the opportunities for all students.
Implementation of digital learning opportunities for all students.
Creation of common definition for the variety of digital learning options
synchronous, asynchronous, hybrid, distance learning, MOOCs, computer infused, blended learning, technology integrated classrooms, flipped classrooms.
Ongoing professional development to assist teachers and administrators to provide these opportunities.
Determine additional instructional tools or platforms needed to provide these opportunities.
Identify staff that has a desire to teach digital learning courses and provide additional professional development and support.
Identify courses that can be taught in an online platform
Implementation of online courses at the high school level.
Constant evaluation of effectiveness of the programs.
One2One Digital Learning Program
Philosophy
The District focuses on helping all students learn and grow. The One2One digital learning program empowers teachers and students to engage in teaching and learning through the district’s curriculum in more impactful ways then with limited technology. The One2One digital learning program allows our students and teachers access to a variety of resources at all achievement levels, the ability to participate in differentiated learning activities based upon the skills and concepts that they need to learn, and develop unique learning products that demonstrate their understanding of the curriculum standards and learning objectives.
The One2One digital learning program allows for access, authenticity, equity, and choice; while also increasing the collaboration, communication, creativity and critical thinking of our students. The advantage of the One2One digital learning program exists because each student will have his/her own device and can learn anytime and anywhere.
  The focus is not solely on technology.
  The main focus is about a paradigm shift in how instruction is delivered and how that instruction sparks creativity and innovation in students providing a new sense of engagement and ownership in their own learning.
In addition, One2One learning environments differ from traditional environments in most school settings because they offer all students and teachers continuous access to a wide range of software, electronic documents, the Internet and other digital tools for teaching and learning. The key component is the access of information, engaging students and encouraging them to take responsibility for their own learning.
Implementation of the 1:1 Digital Learning Program
The One2One Digital Learning device is a learning tool that will be integrated with the District’s curriculum. In order to receive the device, the student and parents/guardian must sign off on the One2One Digital Learning Program Student Use Agreement.
  All students must abide by the District’s Acceptable Use Policy and Social Media Guidelines. Students are expected to bring the device to school each day and keep the device charged and in good working order.
  See the Student Use Agreement for more details.
Starting in the 2016 – 2017 school year, all current fifth and sixth grade students (Class of 2023 and 2024) will be supplied with a device. Each subsequent 5th grade class will receive a device at the beginning of the 5th grade year.
  Then when entering the 9th grade students will be requested to trade in their current device for an updated model. Any student withdrawing or graduating from the District is required to turn in their device or additional fees will be placed on the student’s account.
Digital Learning at the High School Level
The District’s venture into expanded digital learning includes increase the integration of technology in the classroom through the One2One Digital Learning Program, additionally the creating of digital learning courses at the high school level.
  Digital learning at this level is a part of the digital learning program in which the District will create additional opportunities for students to be involved in coursework digitally.
  This plan will increase the use of a learning management platform during the regular school day, promote the use of digital learning strategies such as flipped learning, and create digital academic opportunities for students through asynchronous online and hybrid course offerings.
The following is a three-year road map for the District to organize, train and implement the digital learning courses at the high school level.
Year 1 – 2016-17
Further increase the effective use of Google Classroom in all classes grades 5-12.
Continued professional development on the use of Google Classroom as a learning management system through a blended learning environment
Promote and train teachers on the educational benefits of the flipped classroom model and provide support for those teachers that want to implement this strategy in their classroom.
Support and train middle school teachers on effective use of technology in a blended learning environment through the One2One Digital Learning Program.
Begin to train junior high teachers in the use of technology in the classroom and basics of teaching and learning in a blended learning environment.
Identify high school level courses that could be effectively taught and learned through an asynchronous online learning program.
Identify high school teachers that would be effective in teaching in an online environment.
Visit and benchmark other school districts that are effectively delivering online courses
Research, evaluate and select a more advanced learning management system.
Research, evaluation and select digital content providers.
Once teachers are identified begin the process of building their pedagogical skills through training by Quality Matters and the Educational Service Center of Central Ohio.
Year 2 -2017-18
Continue the effective use of Google Classroom in all classes grades 5-12.
Continue to support teachers in the successful use digital learning strategies such as flipped classrooms and blended learning.
Support and train junior high teachers on effective use of technology in a blended learning environment through the One2One Digital Learning Program.
Begin to train high school teachers in the use of technology in the classroom and basics of teaching and learning in a blended learning environment.
Continue professional development for teachers that are a part of the high school digital learning courses.
Train teachers and administration of the use of the selected learning management system.
Train teachers and administration in the use of digital curriculum.
Pilot minimal sections of asynchronous online courses during the second semester.
Evaluation of pilot program and make needed instructional modifications.
Year 3 – 2018-19
Continue the effective use of Google Classroom in all classes grades 5-12.
Continue to support teachers in the successful use digital learning strategies such as flipped classrooms and blended learning.
Support and train high school teachers on effective use of technology in a blended learning environment through the One2One Digital Learning Program.
Continue to train high school teachers in the use of technology in the classroom and basics of teaching and learning in a blended learning environment.
Continue professional development for teachers that are a part of the high school digital learning courses.
Offer numerous digital courses through an asynchronous online model or through a hybrid model. (courses will be identified it year one and two)
Evaluation of digital learning program and make needed instructional modifications.
Goals – One2One Digital Learning Program
Goal #1 – Implement a successful digital learning program to increase student achievement
Improved student learning in all subject areas.
Enhance and enable a more effective local assessment process
Increased student engagement and on-task behavior
Goal #2 – Enhance the curriculum
Enhance the adopted PLSD curriculum through the use of digital tools and a blended learning approach.
Collect, analyze and use data digitally to drive instruction
Goal #3 – Integrate technology to increase academic opportunities.
The increase in technology allows for education to move to a model of anywhere, anytime learning.
Implement more digital learning methods and strategies to increase student opportunities inside and outside of the traditional classroom.
Implement a variety of digital learning opportunities for high school students.
Goal #4 – Increase the technology skills and knowledge of staff members.
Staff members will receive relevant, differentiated, and ongoing training for increasing staff members’ skill and knowledge of teaching in a blended learning environment.
Through Pickerington U staff members will have access to training through multiple avenues: whole group, small group, individualized, online videos, through Google Classroom and via college credit courses.
Goal #5 – Allow students and teachers to have access to a device whenever needed in the blended learning environment.
District will be One2One by the 2022-2023 school year.
Teachers will be supplied with a teacher and student device to best plan out lessons utilizing the devices.
Equitable access to devices and the Internet for all students.
One2One Digital Learning Implementation Plans
Year 0 – 2015 – 2016
30 Dell Chromebook 11 purchased to begin training with Middle School educators
Google certifications earned by technology staff members
Begin partnership with Tierney Professional Development Team to build knowledge and skills of our Middle School educators.
Year 1 – 2016 – 2017
Chromebook 1:1 begins with all 5th and 6th grade students
Violet Elementary and Pickerington Elementary replacement of iPad Minis and iPad Airs to reach 1:1 status with devices staying in the buildings.
Lease of 1800 Dell Chromebooks (model #3120) and XXX iPad mini 2 and 410 iPad Air 2.
Professional Development opportunities through PLSD and Tierney
Current middle school iPad carts moved to the following buildings:
6 carts to Sycamore Creek Elementary
4 carts to Tussing Elementary
6 carts to Toll Gate Elementary
4 carts to Fairfield Elementary
2 carts to Heritage Elementary
6 carts to Lakeview Junior High School
6 carts to Ridgeview Junior High Schools
Year 2 – 2017 – 2018
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders and accelerated with current 8th, 9th, and 10th graders
All 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th graders now have Chromebook
Heritage, Fairfield, Tussing Elementary Schools go 1:1 with iPad (2017) in grade Preschool – 2nd, Chromebook in 3th and 4th grade.
iPads currently in use in 3rd and 4th grade at Pickerington and Violet Elementary will be moved to HE, FE, TE and replaced with class carts of Dell Chromebook (convertible model).
Lease of 5070 Dell Chromebooks (model #3189) and 930 iPad (2017)
Lease – 3 year – 900 Chromebooks
Lease – 4 year – 2210 Chromebooks
Lease – 5 year – 1910 Chromebooks
Existing iPads will be sent to Sycamore Creek Elementary and Toll Gate Elementary, resulting in all elementary schools being One-to-One
Existing iPads will also be loaned to current 11th and 12th graders through the remainder of their high school career.
  Resulting in the entire district being at a One-to-One learning environment.
Current junior high school carts will be moved to:
7 carts to Tussing Elementary
6 carts to Toll Gate Elementary
5 carts to Sycamore Creek Elementary
14 carts to Sycamore Creek Elementary
4 carts to Fairfield Elementary
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO
Addition of three PLSD Instructional Technology Coordinators
Replacement of staff members MacBook Pros with MacBook Airs
Older devices will be refurbished and placed at high schools and junior high school, as well as given to support staff that have a need for a laptop. 
Year 3 – 2018 – 2019
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, and 11th
  graders now have Chromebook
Current 12th graders will be given one of the existing iPads from the high school carts.
Sycamore Creek and Toll Gate Elementary Schools go 1:1 with iPad in grade Preschool – 2nd, Chromebook in 3th and 4th grade.
Specialized computer labs at the high schools and junior high schools get replaced
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO.
Year 4 – 2019 – 2020
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th graders now have Chromebook
9th grade students will receive new device for trade in of old device
All elementary schools are now 1:1 with iPads and Chromebooks
Replacement of support staff computers for District Office, junior high schools and high schools
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO. 
Year 5 – 2020 – 2021
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th – 12th Grade students have a Chromebook
9th grade students will receive new device for trade in of old device
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO.
Year 6 – 2021 – 2022
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th – 12th Grade students have a Chromebook
9th grade students will receive new device for trade in of old device
Replacement of iPad Minis and Chromebooks at Violet and Pickerington Elementary
Old iPads will be sold back to Apple. Chromebook will go back to leasing company.
Replacement of support staff desktop computers for elementary schools and middle schools
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO.
Year 7 – 2022 – 2023
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th – 12th Grade students have a Chromebook
9th grade students will receive new device for trade in of old device
Replacement of iPads and Chromebooks at Heritage, Fairfield and Tussing Elementary Schools
Old iPads will be sold back to Apple.
Chromebooks will be given back to the leasing company.
Replacement of staff members MacBook Airs
Older devices will be refurbished and placed at high schools and junior high school, as well as given to support staff that have a need for a laptop.
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO
Year 8 – 2023 – 2024
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th – 12th Grade students have a Chromebook
9th grade students will receive new device for trade in of old device
Replacement of iPads and Chromebooks at Toll Gate and Sycamore Creek Elementary Schools
Old iPads will be sold back to Apple.
Chromebooks will be returned to leasing company
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO.
Year 9 – 2024 – 2025
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th – 12th Grade students have a Chromebook
9th grade students will receive new device for trade in of old device
Replacement of secretary computers at District Office, High Schools and Junior High Schools
Specialized computer labs at the high schools and junior high schools get replaced
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO.
Year 10 – 2025 – 2026
Chromebook 1:1 continues with new class of 5th graders
All 5th – 12th Grade students have a Chromebook
9th grade students will receive new device for trade in of old device
Continued professional development through PLSD and ITSCO.
Why iPads and Chromebooks?
Why iPads for Grades Pre-K – 2?
The device that used needs to be selected due to the academic needs and instructional purpose in the classroom.
  The Elementary One2One model will be where each classroom teacher has a cart of iPads available in their classroom.
  The iPads will stay in the classroom.
  There will be a limited number of iPads available for check out through the school’s media center for students that need to take a device home.
Elementary staff members have given the recommendation that we continue with the iPad for numerous reason:
The iPad works well with current digital tools that are already in place with the elementary curriculum.
The apps that are available for the iPad are more elementary student friendly than the apps available in the Google Play store.
Elementary students perform better with the touchscreen functionality.
Improved battery life will last the entire school day.
Students are comfortable with the device and the iPad is extremely easy to use.
iPads have all of the creative tools (video, audio) that are needed to integrate with the elementary curriculum.
More simulations, videos and interactive media for elementary students than the Chromebooks.
Why Chromebooks for Grades 3-12?
The District in 2015 transitioned all email systems, file storage, calendar services, video conferencing services, classroom learning management systems to Google Apps for Education.
  With this transition more of more of the District’s educators are using Google Apps for Education products in their classrooms, ranging from Google Classroom to collaborative Google Docs.
  The past practice of using shared iPads is difficult to properly use Google Apps for Education as the iPads are clunky in using multiple apps for Google.
Education Benefit – In choosing the Chromebook the District has the ability to put a device in the hand of every student in the District.
  Technology can have positive impacts on the educational process, but only if the technology is available when needed by the teacher or the student. The current model of sharing iPad carts limits the time students can use technology. Additionally the Chromebook 1:1 model will allow students to have devices 24/7.
 Students in grades 3 and 4 their Chromebooks will remain in the school.  The hope is this model will allow learning to become a never-ending process, in which students can learn anywhere, anytime.
Chromebooks can work with or without an Internet connection – Current surveys show that 92% of the District’s students have access to the Internet at home, but 8% do not.
  Through the PickConnect program, we are working to increase opportunities for students to access the Internet, through partnership with local business.
  The Chromebooks do have a small hard drive built into the system and can even be used at home without an Internet connection and be properly synced in seconds once the student enters the school.
Apps can be pushed out in seconds – The current practice of utilizing iPads causes some issues for loading apps.
  This process involves one person in the building (the Building Technology Advisor) syncing the carts to update/install apps and operating systems.
  This process through an iPad can be time consuming.
  By utilizing the Google Apps Management Console, the technology department can push out apps wirelessly to specific groups of students or to all of the students in the District within minutes.
  Also, teachers have the ability to create contact groups and push out apps just for their students.
There are little to no security/virus issues – As with all of the Chromebooks most things are stored in the cloud.
  That means there is nothing to “steal” from the computer and nothing for a virus to attach itself.
They turn on in eight seconds or less – The quick start up process saves precious instructional time.
Chromebooks have a battery life of eight to ten hours – Current
  Chromebooks will last the entire school day, making re-charging during the day not needed.
Why the Dell Chromebook?
The Technology Committee has selected the Dell Chromebook as the Chromebook Model to begin the 1:1 digital learning program with grades 3-12. The Dell Chromebook merges the benefits of a Chromebook and touchscreen device, giving teachers and students more resources to use to improve teaching and learning. 
Product Overview:
 The Dell Chromebook 11 runs the Chrome operating
 system, has 4 GB of RAM, a 32 GB solid state hard drive, an 11.6 inch touchscreen, 802.11 ac WIFI connection and Bluetooth capabilities. Superior durability and design:
School tough: The Dell Chromebook 11 is MIL-STD (U.S. Military Standard) tested for durability, pressure, temperature, humidity, shock and vibration so it can handle student life.
Built for the backpack: The rubberized LCD and base trim absorbs shock for superior drop protection.
Surface strength: The scratch-resistant touch screen is made of Corning® Gorilla® Glass NBT™ — built to handle every tap, stroke and swipe.
Spill protection: Students can learn without fear. A fully sealed keyboard and touch pad provide the industry’s best spill protection for a student laptop.
Lightweight design: At under three pounds with a compact 11.6″ display, it’s easy to pop it in a backpack and head from class to class.
Digital Citizenship Education
The District in accordance with the Children’s Internet Protection Act (CIPA) that requires all school districts to educate minors on appropriate online behavior we will be adopting the 
learning.com
 digital citizenship online safety curriculum for all students.
  This program cover topics on appropriate online behavior, interacting with others on the web, keeping personal information safe and cyberbullying awareness/response.
  This curriculum will be a blended learning format with some of the curriculum taught through online lessons and other lessons taught through discussions and activities.
  School counselors, school media specialists/aides and technology specialists will be responsible for this curriculum.
Additionally, in accordance with the Jessica Hogan Law (HB116 from 2012), the District will be training staff on cyber-bullying policies and strategies.
  The District will make information available to parents via our District website.
  The digital citizenship curriculum will also include material for students about cyberbullying. 
Device Insurance and Student/Parent Acceptance
All students in the One2One Digital Learning Program will be assessed a $35 device warranty each year.
  This warranty will be used to fix two accidental occurrences with the Chromebook, including but not limited to: broken screen, broken keyboard, device not working properly OR one complete replacement of the device.
  This warranty does not cover intentional damage (running over it with the car, punching or throwing the device, etc) to the device.
  If a device is lost, a fee to replace the device (based on current market price and pro-rated for the number of years of the device) will be placed on the student fees. While the device is being repaired, the student will be given a loaner device to use so instruction is not stopped.
If a student (or parent/guardian) opts out of the warranty, then all damages to the device must be paid in full by the parent/guardian before the device will be returned to the student.
Student/Parent Acceptance Form
Students and parents will need to sign the acceptance form before any device is issued to a student in grades 5 – 12.
Student Agreement:
I will follow the expectations outlined in the Device Handbook and the Pickerington Local School District Acceptable Use Policy at all times.
I agree to immediately return the device and peripherals in good working condition upon request or withdrawal from the school district.
I assume full responsibility of my issued device at all times.
I acknowledge that the device handbook is to be used as a guide and does not attempt to address every required or prohibited behavior by its users.
Parent/Guardian Agreement:
I understand that if I purchase the PLSD warranty (through student fees) that the warranty fee will be used to fix two accidental occurrences with the Chromebook, including but not limited to: broken screen, broken keyboard, device not working properly OR one complete replacement of the device.
  This warranty fee does not cover intentional damage (running over it with the car, punching or throwing the device, etc) to the device. 
If a device is lost a fee to replace the device (based on current market price and pro-rated for the number of years of the device) will be placed on the student fees.
I acknowledge that my student and I are to follow the expectations in the Device Handbook and the district’s Acceptable Use Policy and that a violation of these guidelines could result in the student facing disciplinary action.
I will be responsible for monitoring my student’s use of the internet when he/she is not at school.
I agree to immediately return the device and peripherals in good working condition upon request or withdrawal from the school district.
I acknowledge that this handbook is to be used as a guide and does not attempt to address every required or prohibited behavior by its users.
Expected Results of the Digital Learning Program
For Students:
Increased technology usage embedded into the curriculum.
Increased levels of student achievement
Increased levels of student engagement due to the digital resources.
Decreased levels of negative student behavior
Increase in classroom structure toward student-centered learning
Increase in personalized instruction due to adaptive nature of technology
Increase in student ownership of learning
Increase in effective collective, analysis and usage of learning data to help drive instruction.
Increase emphasis in 21st Century learning skills
Collaboration, communication, creativity, critical thinking
Learning becomes a 24/7/365 event, learning is not limited to inside the walls of the school building.
Expand academic opportunities through digital learning tools, social media and virtual learning tools.
Media Centers become the digital hub of the school
Students (HS & JH) receive real world experience through the Student Genius Bar Program and in turn provide first level support to students and staff.
All classrooms (grades 5-12) have a consistent presence in Google Classroom.
Continued expansion of digital resources available to all students.
Equitable access to devices and Internet for all students.
For Staff:
Increase in resources and tools available for teaching and learning.
Increase in support for integration of technology into the curriculum.
Personalized, relevant and on-going professional development
Further progression of effective technology integration through use of the SAMR model to utilize technology in more powerful ways.
Technology becomes a normal part of how school operates, not something extra when time allows.
Creation of online digital repository of technology integration materials available 24/7/365 to help support staff members.
Increase in skills, knowledge and proper use of technology for administrators working to increase the levels of technology integration through the SAMR model.
Educator Expectations
Live and work in a blended learning environment.
Have a presence in Google Classroom
Use the device as a teaching and learning tool with the key applications supported by the District.
Use less paper, not completely paperless.
Have an open mind, Be a contributor.
The goal of blended learning is to combine the best teaching practice from a traditional classroom and those from a digital classroom.
  The teaching strategies should align to the goals of the learning objective.
  Some lessons may require the use of technology, other lessons technology may not be needed, while other lessons may need technology for part of the lesson.
  The end all goal is to have and utilize the proper tool to enhance the curriculum and meet the instructional needs of the students.
Live and Work in a Blended Learning Environment:
With the addition of the One2One devices teachers and students now have access to technology and digital tools anytime they are needed.
  Teachers need to transition lessons that can be enhanced or better achieved into a digital media.
  We understand that not all teachers will be at the same skill and knowledge level, but every attempt needs to be made to have a digital presence in each teacher’s classroom. It is recommended that teachers explore digital resources that are supported by the District (ST Math, Gale Virtual Library, STAR, Illuminate Ed).
  Also staff members are encouraged to join a digital Professional Learning Network through a social media platform (Twitter, Google+, Facebook) to learn and share from people outside of the district.
Have a Presence in Google Classroom:
The District has adopted the suite of digital tools with Google Apps for Education.
  Hence the District is adopting Google Classroom as our Learning Management System (LMS).
  Each teacher needs to have an online presence in Google Classroom.
  By having everyone utilize the same LMS students, teachers and parents will be more comfortable with the LMS, building consistency across the District.
Use the Device as an Teaching and Learning Tool with the Key Applications supported by the District:
Over the past few years the District has adopted numerous digital tools to enhance and support the curriculum.
  With the addition of the One2One program teachers and students now have access to devices anytime, anywhere.
  Teachers need to utilize the digital tools that have been adopted and are supported by the District. Some of those digital tools support by the District are: Eureka/Wheatley Online, Gale Virtual Research Library, Google Apps, History Alive, Illuminate Education, Imagine Learning, Moby Max, Naviance, Reading Eggs, Renaissance Learning, Springboard Online, ST Math.
Use Less Paper, Not Completely Paperless
With the increase use of digital collaboration and communication tools the need to print every document should decrease.
  The use of Google Apps for Education (especially Google Drive and Google Classroom) teachers and students can communicate and receive feedback through digital tools instead of traditional printing methods.
  Through communicating via digital tools teachers and students can create more of a collaborative environment in which teachers can give feedback and then students can clarify and continue to communicate in ways that traditional methods will not allow. It is understood that there will be times that printing is needed.
  It is requested that only those necessary items get printed. The district will not support printing from the student One2One devices.
Have an Open Mind, Be a Contributor:
Venturing into the world of blended learning is pulling those best practices that teachers have learned in a traditional classroom, plus the addition of new practices learned by effective use of digital tools.
  Through these new tools and new way of thinking of teaching and learning, everyone is encouraged to be willing to try new strategies and integrate the digital tools.
  Staff has the ability to implement blended learning without the fear of failure.
  Some things are going to go well and some things will go wrong.
  It is up to everyone to learn from those things that go wrong and share those things that go well. Educators need to work together to share best practices and contribute to improved teaching and learning of everyone in the District.
Student Technology Guru Program
The Student Technology Guru Program, open to students in grades 10, 11, and 12, is a year-long, hands on study of technology integration in an educational context. Students are required to assess problem sets throughout the day and define the best approach to addressing or solving the problem. In addition to solving problems for students and teachers, students will be required to complete and maintain several running projects that address problems or solutions in educational technology integration. The course also asks students to have a prior understanding of Apple OS, Chrome OS, and the iPad iOS. To be considered for Help Desk, students are required to interview with the Director of Instructional Technology, Technology Supervisor and building level technicians, as well as the building administration. Interviews are held in the late spring.
*In addition to skills and knowledge related to educational technology, Technology Guru students should possess strong research, writing, and critical thinking skills. Students are expected to be self-motivated, independent learners.
The Student Technology Guru Program will be limited to 16 students per high school, with two students managing the Technology Guru Station per period.
  Students will have the opportunity to obtain Apple and Google Industry credentials.
Alignment to current District curriculum:
Employ current technology to investigate, create, communicate, and produce
Genius Bar students will research the latest developments in educational technology. They will identify the best types of technology tools to use in an educational setting. They will design a tutorial demonstrating how to use the tool as well as an example product, and share their product with a global audience via their individual and/or Student Technology Guru blog.
Apply a variety of problem-solving strategies
Genius Bar students will take a proactive approach to problem-solving through experimenting and designing digital products. Technology Guru students will also troubleshoot technology problems (both hardware and software) for students and teachers and will offer multiple solutions to technology-related problems.
Communicate orally & write effectively
Genius Bar students will author content for the Student Technology Guru blog. Types of content includes written blog posts, screencasts and podcasts. Students will also host Live Google Hangouts on Air, deliver classroom presentations for teachers and students, and may have the opportunity to present at local, state, and regional conferences.
Read critically & obtain, evaluate, analyze, and apply data
Through ongoing research and the development of a personal learning network, Technology Guru students will be on the cutting-edge of trends in educational technology. They will curate useful educational technology resources and tools for teachers and students.
Demonstrate self-control and respect for all individuals
Students will manage their time and multiple projects effectively, collaborate with their Technology Guru colleagues, and provide exceptional customer service to students, teachers, parents, administration, community members, and Guru Station visitors.
Exhibit responsible citizenship
Technology Guru students will be responsible, work independently, and demonstrate leadership. They will use social media tools responsibility and will develop a positive and appropriate online presence. They will serve as role models to their peers.
Professional Development
Teachers are currently integrating technology in various ways at multiple levels of expertise.
  Students are using technology regularly ranging from accessing different instructional apps, to creating videos through iMovie, to researching topics through the Gale Virtual Research Library.
But teachers and students still struggle with different aspects of technology at a wide range of levels.
  It is the goal of the Technology Department to build the technology capacity of our building leaders and teachers to increase the ways technology is used in the classroom.
Every year, the Technology Department will select three to five technology integration best practices to work with the staff throughout the year.
  The Instructional Technology Coordinator’s main job responsibility will be to organize, create, and deliver professional development opportunities for all staff members in large group, small group, and job-embedded methods.
2015-16 Instructional Technology Integration Best Practices
Increase use of Google Apps for Education in the classroom and for professional meetings
Determine effective strategies of use of devices in the classroom.
Determine successful ways to collect, analyze and use data to drive instructional decisions.
Additional monthly professional development will be scheduled for building leaders to build their capacity to share with staff in their building.
The District has partnered with the Tierney Professional Development Team to provide ongoing face to face and online support and training.
The District will also partner with the Instructional Technology Services of Central Ohio (ITSCO) to deliver some online and face-to-face training on major technology initiatives in the District.
The District will send a group of teachers or school leaders on an annual basis to the Ohio Educational Technology Conference (OETC).
In-district technology courses for college credit will be taught on an ongoing basis concentrating on the major initiatives from the Technology Department.
Ongoing, relative, and personalized professional development for the District’s staff will be crucial for continued, effective use of technology by educators.
Instructional Technology Professional Learning Series
The PLSD Instructional Technology Professional Learning Series is a targeted professional development series designed to advance the skills, abilities, and knowledge of teachers, administrators and support staff of the Pickerington Local School District. The Professional Learning Series (PLS) ensures that educators become even more effective in their skills in advancing the practice of integrating technology, ultimately helping to improve student learning.
The PLSD Instructional Technology Professional Learning Series is grounded in the International Society for Technology in Education (ISTE) standards for students, teachers, instructional coaches, and administrators, as well as examining the essential conditions for successful technology integration.
The Professional Learning Series provides a sequenced curriculum that develops foundational instructional technology integration skills as well as increasing those skills to be able to make technology used in more impactful ways. The Professional Learning Series will focus on current instructional technology tools used in the PLSD classrooms and concentrate on increasing the effectiveness of those technology tools through the SAMR Model.
The Professional Learning Series is made up of eight, one-hour sessions over the course of the academic year.
  In addition to our face-to-face PLS offering, there will be the availability for online extension sessions through Google Hangouts, as well all sessions will be recorded and placed online to extend the anytime, anywhere learning of our educators.
Google Certified Training for all District Educators
As the District continues to utilize more and more tools from Google Apps for Education it is important that we supply the District’s educators with quality professional development.
  Through this plan, the District will make Google Level 1 Certification training available to all educators.
  This online training created by Google will allow all educators to get a solid understanding of the digital tools in Google Apps for Education.
  Additionally the District will make 400 Google Level 2 Certificate Trainings on a first come, first serve basis to educators that finish the Google Level 1 Certification program.
Bringing Equity to Learning Through Technology
Closing the Digital Use Divide
Traditionally, the digital divide in education referred to schools and communities in which access to devices and Internet connectivity were either unavailable or inaccessible. However, we have to be cognizant of a new digital divide—the disparity between students who use technology to create, design, build, explore, and collaborate and those who simply use technology to consume media passively. 
On its own, access to the Internet and devices does not guarantee access to engaging educational experiences or a quality education. Without thoughtful intervention and attention to the way technology is used for learning, the digital use divide could grow even as access to technology in schools increases.
Through ongoing and personalized professional development, PLSD staff members will learn strategies and skills to take technology integration from passive use to more active use.
  The SAMR model will be the framework in which staff members will be able to measure passive or active use.
Partnership with Tierney Professional Development Team
With the increasing number of devices and digital opportunities available to students and staff, there will be an even larger need for support and professional development than what the current Instructional Technology Department can provide. 
The Tierney Professional Development Team will work with the District to create a responsible plan and timeframe that supports instructional technology implementation best practices for teacher success that drives effective student learning outcomes and achievement. Outside of teachers and students, other stakeholder involvement will be decided as they are an integral part of instructional technology implementation.
Proposed Implementation Pathway
Phase 1– Pre-Professional Development Services
Google Domain and Chrome Management Console Check
Phase 2– Google Apps for Education Bootcamp (Face to Face)
Google Level 1 & Google Level 2
Implementation Applications
Pre-Exam Support
Phase 3– Flipped Professional Development (Self-Paced)
Provide on-demand, self-paced learning opportunities prior to the face to face PD so in person learning in more meaningful and escalated.
Phase 4– Implementation PD (Face to Face)
Google Apps for Education: Fill in the Gaps
Google Classroom Investigation and Creation
Google Play for Education content deployment for differentiation and personalized learning.
SAMR Implementation and Reflection
Phase 5– Curriculum & Instructional Strategy PD (Face to Face)
What does it mean to be a 21st Century Student/Educator?
Instructional strategy Implementation to drive student critical thinking, content creation and collaboration.
Assessment Strategies
Data Driven Lesson Creation
Phase 6– Curriculum & Instructional Strategy PD (Face to Face) or Chromebook Instructional Coaching (Face to Face)
What does it mean to be a 21st Century Student/Educator?
Policies and Procedures
Please click on the link below for the District Technology Policies:
Students:
Acceptance Use Policy (AUP) for Students
)
Social Media Guidelines
 for Students & Staff
Acceptance Use Policy (AUP) for Staff
NOTE: Both of these policies are currently undergoing updates.
Staff Laptop Administrative Regulation
This Staff Laptop Computer Policy is a supplement to the Pickerington Local School District’s Computer Acceptable Use Policy. The District’s Computer Acceptable Use Policy and Staff Laptop Computer Policy apply to the use of all laptop computers inside and outside the school premises and staff members are expected to follow all of these policies when using the District’s laptop computers.
All District teachers and administrators have a District-owned device(s). Additionally, numerous paraprofessionals and duty aides also have a device(s) as needed by their role and responsibilities.
  This technology plan allows for the staff laptops to be refreshed every five years.
The Pickerington Local School District has decided to allow staff to use the District’s laptop computers inside and outside the school in order to enhance, enrich, and facilitate teaching and administrative duties as well as school communications. The District’s laptops are to be used as a productivity tool for school-related business, curriculum enhancement, research, and communications. Staff members may use the District’s laptops for limited personal purposes subject to this policy per the District’s Acceptable Use Policy. Staff members also shall exercise appropriate professional judgment and common sense when using the District’s laptop computers.
All laptops and related equipment and accessories are District property and are provided to the staff members for a period of time as deemed appropriate by the school’s administration. As a condition of their use of the District’s laptop computers, staff members must comply with and agree to all of the following:
Prior to being issued one of the District’s laptop computers, staff members will agree to the Staff Laptop Acceptance Form and agree to all outlined policies.
 • Staff members are expected to protect school laptops from damage and theft.
 • Staff members will not be held responsible for computer problems resulting from regular school-related use; however, staff members may be held personally responsible for any problems caused by their negligence as deemed the District’s administration.
 • Staff members will provide access to any laptop computer, equipment, and/or accessories they have been assigned upon the District’s request.
 • Any District employee that is is taking a leave of absence equal to or more then one semester, is required to turn in their laptop before they take leave.
  The laptop will be reconditioned and used as needed.
 • Any District employee that is resigning, retiring or not returning to PLSD must return their district-owned laptop before their last day of employment with the District.
General Laptop Use Rules
Important data on the laptop, such as grades, tests or exams, must be back it up either through a portable hard drive or through Google Drive as a safety precaution against hard drive failure. The seconds that it takes to create a backup are well worth the frustration if/when the computer hard disk fails.
Since the laptop’s keyboard and touch pad are permanently attached to the rest of the system, make sure that hands are clean before using them. Because hand lotion is a major contributing factor to dirt and dust, please make sure hands are free from lotion before using the computer. It is costly to change a laptop keyboard and/or touch pad that has been damaged by excessive dirt.
Do not place drinks or food in close proximity to a laptop.
Extreme temperatures or sudden changes in temperature can damage a laptop. Laptops should NOT be left in an unattended vehicle.
When using the laptop, keep it on a flat, solid surface so that air can circulate through it. For example, using the laptop while it is directly on a bed can cause damage due to overheating.
How to Avoid Laptop Computer Theft
Due to size and portability, laptop computers are especially vulnerable to theft. Staff members should follow the rules set out below. 
A staff member will be held personally responsible for any District laptop computers, equipment, and/or accessories that are stolen during the time they have been assigned to that staff member. Below are some tips on how to protect your laptop from being stolen.
 • Do not leave a laptop in an unlocked vehicle, even if the vehicle is in your driveway or garage. Never leave it in plain sight. If you must leave your laptop in a vehicle, the best place is in a locked trunk. If you do not have a trunk, cover it and lock the doors.
 • Be aware of the damage extreme temperature can cause to computers.
 • Do not leave a meeting or conference room without your laptop. Take it with you.
 • Lock the laptop in your office or classroom during off-hours or in a locked cabinet or desk when possible.
If a theft does occur, immediately notify District’s Technology Department.
Staff Laptop Policy Acceptance Form
 • I understand that all laptop computers, equipment, and/or accessories the District has provided to me are the property of the Pickerington Local School District. 
 • I agree to all of the terms in the District’s Staff Laptop Policy and the District’s Acceptable Use Policy.
 • I understand that I may be personally responsible for any damage resulting from non-school use or loss of any laptop computer and/or related equipment and accessories. In case of damage (non-school purpose) or loss I may be responsible for the full cost of replacement of the damaged or lost equipment with equipment of equal value and functionality subject to the approval of the District.
 • I will not allow any other individuals (including family members) to use any laptop computer and/or related equipment and accessories that have been provided to me by the District.
 • I understand that a violation of the terms and conditions set out in the policy will result in the restriction and/or termination of my use of the District’s laptop computers, equipment, and/or accessories and may result in further discipline up to and including termination of employment and/or other legal action.
Student Online Personal Information Protection Agreement
Pickerington Local School District (“PLSD”) takes the protection of student data very seriously and PLSD adopts all reasonable measures to protect personally identifiable information (“PII”) about students.  PLSD asks each company that requests or is provided PII about students to agree to the terms of the following agreement.  The purpose of this agreement is to protect the students of PLSD. Accordingly, PLSD and operator hereby agree as follows:
This agreement applies to the operator in which PII of a PLSD student is:
 • Provided by a student or parent for PreK-12 school purposes;
 • Provided by PLSD, agents for the PLSD, or the Fairfield County Educational Service Center
 • Gathered by the operator through the operator’s services that clearly describes a PLSD student or identifies a  PLSD student.
The PII about students that is covered in this agreement includes, but is not limited to:
 • Information in the student’s educational record maintained by PLSD;
 • First and last name, home address, telephone number, email address, or other information that allows physical or online contact with the student and/or parent;
 • Date and place of birth;
 • Participation in officially recognized activities and sports;
 • Dates of attendance and graduation;
 • Discipline records, test results, special education data, juvenile dependency records, grades, and evaluations;
 • Criminal and/or juvenile court records, medical records, health records, social security number, biometric information, any recognized disabilities;
 • Socioeconomic information, food purchases, political affiliations, and religious beliefs
 • Text messages, student identifiers, online search activity, photos, videos, voice recordings, or geolocation.
 • Personally identifiable student information as referenced in Ohio Revised Code 3319.321;
 • Information contained in student records as defined by 20 USC § 1232g and 34 CFR Part 99
The operator is prohibited from using PII student data to:
 • Conduct targeted advertising on their website, mobile application, etc or use targeted advertising on other websites, when such targeting is based on information (as defined above or persistent unique student identifiers) acquired by the operator because of the use of the operator’s website or mobile app.
 • Create or gathering information about PLSD PreK-12 students and using that collected information to create a profile of the PreK-12 students, except in cases when the information is used for PreK-12 school purposes.
 • Selling student’s PII (including information defined above).
If the operator utilizes a subcontractor or other third party vendor to manage students’ data then, the operator shall require the subcontractor or other third parties to prohibit the use of any PII about PLSD students for any purpose other than providing the contracted service to, or on behalf of, the operator. Also, the operator shall require the subcontractor or other third parties to prohibit the disclosure or sharing of any PII about PLSD students with subsequent third parties, and shall require the subcontractor to implement and maintain reasonable information and data security procedures and practices.
Aside from the non-disclosure of PII about PLSD students, operators will comply with the following security and deletion requirements:
 • Implement and maintain security procedures to protect PII about students from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure;
 • Operator shall not release PII about students without parental or student (if age 18 or older) consent, other than the release of such information to authorized subcontractors and other third parties who provide services to operator to support operator’s service to PLSD under this Agreement;
• Delete all PII about students if PLSD requests deletion of data under the control of PLSD.
 • The operator will indemnify, defend and hold PLSD harmless from any damages, costs, losses (including loss of state or federal funding), fines, claims, demands, suits, actions or causes of action in law or in equity, in state or federal court, or before any administrative body that are caused by or arise out of operator’s breach of this Agreement.
Operator may use PII about PLSD students for the following purposes, as long as all aggregated or anonymized data must be adequately de-identified :
 • Maintain, develop and improve the operator’s website or mobile app;
 • Legitimate research purposes as required by state or federal law;
 • Using de-identified data to improve operator’s products;
 • Learning purpose, such as for adaptive learning;
 • Marketing educational products that are targeted towards parents and/or students. To that end, the operator may share the student’s name, address, and email address.
Bring Equity to Learning Through Technology
Closing the Digital Use Divide 
Traditionally, the digital divide in education referred to schools and communities in which access to devices and Internet connectivity were either unavailable or inaccessible. However, we have to be cognizant of a new digital divide—the disparity between students who use technology to create, design, build, explore, and collaborate and those who simply use technology to consume media passively. 
On its own, access to the Internet and devices does not guarantee access to engaging educational experiences or a quality education. Without thoughtful intervention and attention to the way technology is used for learning, the digital use divide could grow even as access to technology in schools increases. 
Through ongoing and personalized professional development PLSD staff members will learn strategies and skills to take technology integration from passive use to more active use.
  The SAMR model will be the framework in which staff members will be able to measure passive or active use.
WIFI Access Equity
Pickerington Schools have partnered with T-Mobile to create a system that identified students can check out (from the media centers) WIFI filtered hotspots and take them home to allow for students that do not have WIFI at home that ability.  More information will be distributed about this program at a later date.
Special Projects
Mobile MIT Fab Lab
In January 2014, the District joined a 15-school consortium, known as the Innovation Generation, to add pathways for students in career fields that had a definite need for future applicants.
  The consortium submitted a Straight A Grant in the amount of $14.4 million and was accepted. 
Part of the Innovation Generation was the creation of a Mobile MIT Fab Lab. The PLSD Fab Lab is shared between Lakeview and Ridgeview STEM Junior High Schools.
  The Fab Lab is a 32-foot long trailer with Dodge Ram 2500 Reg Cab. The Fab Lab contains:
Laser Engraver
Techno CNC Wood Route Table
Stratsys 3D Printer
CNC Mill
CNC Lathe
Vinyl Printing and Cutting System
Small tools workbench
Motoman Robotics Workcell
All materials and equipment was purchased with a five-year warranty (September 2014 – 2019) and enough usable material for a five year period.
For more information about the project: 
http://innovationgenerationohio.com/
Distance Learning Lab
Additionally as part of the Innovation Generation Straight A Grant, the District built onto the existing Biomedical Health pathway with the creation of the Biomedical Health Innovation Lab and the Distance Learning Lab at Pickerington High School North. 
The goal of the Distance Learning Lab is to allow student in College Credit Plus courses the ability to interact with college/university professors in the courses that are currently being taught in the District. 
The Distance Learning Lab includes a Polycom RealPresence Group 700 codex and EagleEye Director with three mounted 60” displays.
  Accessories include ceiling microphones and speakers and Polycom TouchPad Display.
There is a five-year warranty on all parts for the Distance Learning Lab (August 2014 – 2019).
PickConnect Partnership Program
The PickConnect Partnership program is a a three part community partnership initiative that allows access to devices and the Internet to all students and staff in the district.
The goal of the PickConnect Partnership program is to give all students in the District the ability to have digital anytime, anywhere learning regardless of race, disability or socio-economic status.
Part One is the device – The District by going to a 1:1 environment will provide all students with a device.
  Students in grades 5-12 will have a district-owned device that is in their possession throughout the course of the academic calendar.
  Students in grades K-4 will be at in a 1:1 environment while at school with the ability to check out a device (from the media center) if a device is need for learning at home.
  This is an extension from the pilot held at Tussing and Fairfield Elementary Schools in the 2015-16 school year.
Part Two is the access – The District is supplying the device, but with most of the instructional application being cloud-based, Internet access is also needed.
  Through a partnership with the Pickerington Chamber of Commerce, we have identified a number of local businesses that will permit students to use their business’s WIFI.
  Gold Star partners have also been identified to provide financial support for extending the PLSD WIFI to the high school athletic stadiums in return for advertising rights on the PLSD authentication page.
  Additionally, one outside access point will be added to each of the buildings so students can access the Internet at anytime through the filtered PLSD network.
Part Three is additional devices and additional access – A partnership between the District at numerous area apartment complexes and churches to create digital study stations to get more devices and further access into the hands of PLSD students.
  In the partnership, the District will provide the devices (desktop computers) and the apartment complex or church will provide the space and Internet access for the study station. 
Evaluation
Evaluation Metrics
1. ISTE Lead & Transform Diagnostic Tool
2. Apple’s Educator Technology Profile
3. Future Ready Technology Assessment
4. PLSD Technology Summative Evaluation Survey (Students, Parents, Staff)
5. Rubrics to Evaluate Application Effectiveness
Utilization of Evaluation Metrics
Through the use of the first three evaluation metric tools, the District will on an annual basis, update each of the evaluation tools, with the following goals:
ISTE Lead & Transform Diagnostic Tool – Increase in all 14 areas into the “meeting” category.
Future Ready Digital Learning Tool – Increase in all nine areas into the staging category and a score of eight or above in all sub-score categories.
Apple’s Educator Profile – Steady increase in the SAMR analysis into the augmentation, modification, and redefinition areas.
  Additionally professional development areas and technology integration categories increasing the technology usage and skill into the integration and support categories.
The PLSD Technology Summative Evaluation will allow the committee to determine the larger communities beliefs and feedback.
  The additional rubrics will allow the committee and technology department to evaluate the individual use of digital tools.
ISTE Lead & Transform Diagnostic Tool
The technology committee will use the ISTE Lead & Transform Diagnostic Tool to evaluate the effective use of technology in the District.
The ISTE Lead & Transform Diagnostic Tool is a resource that takes a snapshot of your school or district’s alignment to the 14 Essential Conditions for learning and teaching with technology. The tool generates a report with data that can guide the District’s tech planning and implementation decisions as the committee moves forward.
After completing the questionnaire, the committee will receive immediate access to results that will help the committee pinpoint the District’s strengths and areas of growth. The data in the report will allow the committee to:
Measure the District’s progress toward becoming tech- and standards-ready.
Inform the District’s comprehensive planning and decision making.
Identify the resources the District will need to help meet the tech integration goals.
See more about 
ISTE’s 14 Essential Conditions
.
Research Based – 
An independent consultant evaluated the Lead & Transform Diagnostic Tool to establish its validity and reliability. Click on this 
link to the official validity report
 to read the results of this independent investigation, which verify that the tool uses reliable questionnaire items, is appropriate for a wide variety of education leaders, and provides a reliable assessment of school and district readiness as defined by the Essential Conditions.
Future Ready Digital Learning Readiness Tool
Technology now allows for personalized digital learning for every student in the nation. The Future Ready District Pledge, according to the U.S. Department of Education, is designed to set out a roadmap to achieve that success and to commit districts to move as quickly as possible towards a shared vision of preparing students for success in college, careers and citizenship. This roadmap can only be accomplished through a systemic approach to change, as outlined in the graphic below.
With student learning at the center, a district must align each of the seven (7) key categories, or gears, in order to advance toward successful digital learning:
Curriculum, Instruction, and Assessment
Use of Time
Technology, Networks, and Hardware
Data and Privacy
Community Partnerships
Professional Learning
Budget and Resources
The outside rings in the figure emphasize the importance of empowered leadership and the cycle of transformation where districts vision, plan, implement and assess continually. Once the district is strategically staged in each gear, district leaders can be confident that they are ready for a highly successful implementation phase that leads to innovation through digital learning.
Apple’s Educator Technology Profile
About the Technology Profile Report
  – The report contains summary data from the Apple Educator Technology Profile, plus analysis and recommendations for next steps to support teachers in their technology infusion practices. In addition, the report provides data about the technology available to teachers either personally or at school, their preferences for professional development delivery, and their views on technology support at both school and district levels. Survey responses are unique to each institution, and the response rate is solely the responsibility of the institution.
The Education Technology Profile is a 15-minute online self-assessment that gathers information about educators’ technology skills and infusion practices within an institution, school, or district. The resulting data is aligned to Dr. Ruben Puentedura’s SAMR model and provides education leaders information that spotlights faculty strengths and professional development opportunities.
It is important to realize that all four stages of SAMR practice can make valuable contributions to the work of an institution; however, large improvements in student outcomes are not observed until the upper stages are reached. Hence, it is desirable for faculty to progressively develop their practice to reach these upper stages. When the Education Technology Profile is used as an evaluation metric tool, it engages the entire leadership team in identifying the levels of professional development best suited to faculty and creating actionable steps that move their goals from vision to reality. Along with the Education Leadership Profile, it provides a data-driven view of the institution’s technology implementation impact on learning and teaching.
Student Perception Survey based on ISTE Standards
In a partnership with Dr. Laci Fiala, Associate Professor of Sociology for Walsh University, the District will survey all students involved in the One to One program.
  Questions on the survey are based on the ISTE Student Standards, which have been deconstructed and rewritten into student-friendly language.
This survey, and the ISTE standards, will measure the students perception on how technology is improving their learning through six different areas:
Creativity and Innovation
Communication and Collaboration
Research and Information Fluency
Critical Thinking, Problem Solving and Decision Making
Digital Citizenship
Technology Operations and Concepts
As the District continues to roll out the One to One program, this survey will turn into a longitudinal study of the effect of technology on teaching and learning.
  All identifiable student information will be kept in the District, only an identification number, for each student, will be shared with Dr. Fiala and only for data analysis purposes.
Resources used in the Technology Plan
ASCD
Burlington High School Help Desk
Chillicothe City School 1:1 Plan
Future Ready Schools
Google EDU Training
Google EDU
Google Educator Google – Ohio
Googlizing EdTech
Hilliard City Schools – One2One
Hilliard City Schools – Blended Learning
Instructional Technology Integration Partnership of Ohio (ITIPO)
Instructional Technology Services of Central Ohio (ITSCO)
International Society for Technology in Education (ISTE)
ISTE Lead & Transform Diagnostic Tool
ISTE Standards
National Center for Technology Planning
Ohio Department of Education Technology Standards
Ohio Educational Technology Conference
Partnership for 21st Century Learning (P21)
Tech & Learning
US Department of Education – Office of Educational Technology
US Department of Education – Office of Educational Technology – 2016 National Education Technology Plan
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation