Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Calamity Days
                Occasionally, Pickerington Schools may determine it is appropriate to close or delay school start times based on inclement weather or other reasons. These decisions are made for the safety of our students. This page provides the information you need to learn about and prepare for such school closings.            
About Snow Days and Other Calamity Days
Establish a Family Emergency Plan
We understand that these decisions have a big effect on families as they plan their day, and now is an excellent time to 
establish your family emergency plan
 for such potential closings.
Daily Schedules During Two-hour Delays
School schedules for days with two-hour delays can be found under 
Calendars and School Schedules
.
Calamity Days
A calamity day is any day in which a school cancels instruction for any of the following reasons.
Hazardous weather conditions
Information on road conditions from transportation staff, law enforcement and road crews. The district gives careful consideration to the most dangerous roads in the district. They can be treacherous, even if your street looks clear.
Accumulated snow and ice.
Temperature and wind chill.
Impact on transportation services. School bus diesel fuel begins to gel at temperatures of zero degrees or below.
Weather predictions (including those from a weather alert service).
Building conditions (e.g., electricity, heat, water)
Other conditions
Disease epidemic
Inoperability of school buses or equipment necessary to the school’s operation
Damage to a school building
Temporary utility failure rendering the building unsuitable for school use
How Does the District Make up Calamity Days?
The following plan has been approved by the Board of Education for the 2017-18 school year.
If the district takes any calamity days before Feb. 19, 2018, (Presidents Day) we will use that day as a make-up day, regardless of whether the district has reached the five-day limit of excusable days.
Days 2-4 will be identified as “blizzard bag” days. Teachers will provide these work-at-home lessons for students to complete when not in class.
Additional days: Students are excused from attendance.
Where Does the District Announce Closings and Delays?
Phone and email alerts
Pickerington Schools will announce emergency closing and delay information through pre-recorded telephone calls to current parents/guardians telephone numbers on file with the district.
The district also sends email messages about any delays or closures via this notification system.
It is important to keep student contact information and contact preferences current by logging into the 
Infinite Campus Parent Portal
 and updating your contact information.
District website and social media
Information about school closures or delays will be posted on the home page of the district’s website, on our 
Facebook
 page, and on 
Twitter
.
Television and Radio Stations
Pickerington Schools shares any school delay or closure information with local television and radio stations.
Each local television station offers a school closing/delays text message program that sends closure/delay information directly to your phone.
Channel 4
Channel 6
Channel 10
Who Makes the Decision?
The superintendent makes the final decision, based upon various factors and recommendations from the transportation and facilities teams.
Pickerington Schools is a large and geographically diverse district. Weather and road conditions may be fine in one portion of the district, but not in another. In such instances, we must close school or modify the school day for the entire district.
When is the Decision Made?
We strive to make the decision to delay or close by 5:30 a.m. or earlier so we can notify radio and TV stations, post to the district website, and send electronic notices to emergency announcement subscribers.
Unusual weather conditions may force us to make the decision after this time. For that reason, parents and students are advised to stay tuned to major television and radio stations, as well as our website and e-communications notices, for updates.
Once a decision is made to delay or close school, the information will be shared with parents as quickly as possible.
2017-18 Blizzard Bag Assignments
About Blizzard Bags
If the district takes any calamity days before Feb. 19, 2018, (Presidents Day) we will use that day as a make-up day, regardless of whether the district has reached the five-day limit of excusable days.
Days 2-4 will be identified as “blizzard bag” days. Teachers will provide these work-at-home lessons for students to complete when not in class.
Blizzard bags are at-home assignments students are required to do in place of attending school on certain snow/calamity days. Blizzard bag assignments take the place of the work students would have performed had school been in session. Students who fail to complete their blizzard bag assignments and turn them in within 10 school days will be marked with an unexcused absence for that day.
Assignments for Preschool through Grade 4 can be found below.
Teachers in grades 5-12 will place their assignments on Google Classroom by 9 a.m. on the calamity day.
Students with questions about using Google Classroom are encouraged to talk to their teachers before they need to access their blizzard bag assignments.
Preschool Assignments
Students must complete and turn in hard copies of each day’s assignment to their teacher within 10 school days of the calamity day. Students without internet access in the home or without the ability to print assignments should ask for hard copies of each day’s assignment from their teacher.
If you have any accessibility issues related to our blizzard bag content, please contact your teacher for copies of the assignments.
Day 1 – Preschool (PDF)
 | 
Day 1 – Preschool (RTF)
Day 2 – Preschool (PDF)
 | 
Day 2 – Preschool (RTF)
Day 3 – Preschool (PDF)
 | 
Day 3 – Preschool (RTF)
Kindergarten Assignments
Students must complete and turn in hard copies of each day’s assignment to their teacher within 10 school days of the calamity day. Students without internet access in the home or without the ability to print assignments should ask for hard copies of each day’s assignment from their teacher.
If you have any accessibility issues related to our blizzard bag content, please contact your teacher for copies of the assignments.
Day 1 – Kindergarten
Day 2 – Kindergarten
Day 3 – Kindergarten
Grade 1 Assignments
Students must complete and turn in hard copies of each day’s assignment to their teacher within 10 school days of the calamity day. Students without internet access in the home or without the ability to print assignments should ask for hard copies of each day’s assignment from their teacher.
If you have any accessibility issues related to our blizzard bag content, please contact your teacher for copies of the assignments.
Day 1 – Grade 1
Day 2 – Grade 1
Day 3 – Grade 1
Grade 2 Assignments
Students must complete and turn in hard copies of each day’s assignment to their teacher within 10 school days of the calamity day. Students without internet access in the home or without the ability to print assignments should ask for hard copies of each day’s assignment from their teacher.
If you have any accessibility issues related to our blizzard bag content, please contact your teacher for copies of the assignments.
Day 1
Blizzard Bag Instructions – Grade 2, Day 1
Day 2
Blizzard Bag Instructions – Grade 2, Day 2
Day 3
Blizzard Bag Instructions – Grade 2, Day 3
Grade 3 Assignments
Students must complete and turn in hard copies of each day’s assignment to their teacher within 10 school days of the calamity day. Students without internet access in the home or without the ability to print assignments should ask for hard copies of each day’s assignment from their teacher.
If you have any accessibility issues related to our blizzard bag content, please contact your teacher for copies of the assignments.
Day 1
Blizzard Bag instructions – Grade 3, Day 1
Day 2
Blizzard Bag instructions – Grade 3, Day 2
Day 3
Blizzard Bag instructions – Grade 3, Day 3
Grade 4 Assignments
Students must complete and turn in hard copies of each day’s assignment to their teacher within 10 school days of the calamity day. Students without internet access in the home or without the ability to print assignments should ask for hard copies of each day’s assignment from their teacher.
If you have any accessibility issues related to our blizzard bag content, please contact your teacher for copies of the assignments.
Day 1
Blizzard Bag Instructions – Grade 4, Day 1
Day 2
Blizzard Bag Instructions – Grade 4, Day 2
Citizen Responsibilities
 (Powerpoint)
Day 3
Blizzard Bag Instructions – Grade 4, Day 3
Grades 5-12 Assignments
Grades 5-12: All students currently have Google Classroom accounts and should already know how to access them. This gives teachers the ability to make assignments based on what students currently are studying in class or other topics that relate to state standards.
All blizzard bags for grades 5-12 are stored in Google Classroom. Students can access Google Classroom by going to 
classroom.google.com
. Students will need to log in with their Pickerington Schools account and password. To view the blizzard bags for each course, students will need to click on the appropriate class tile and enter the Google Classroom. Then click on the “About” tab at the top of the page.  All blizzard bag assignments are stored in the “About” tab, with a title of “Blizzard Bag.”
Teachers will place their assignments on Google Classroom by 9 a.m. on the calamity day.
Generally, blizzard bag assignments for individual classes can be completed in about a half hour.
Students must complete and turn in hard copies of each day’s assignment to their teacher within 10 school days of the calamity day. Students without internet access in the home or without the ability to print assignments should ask for hard copies of each day’s assignment from their teacher.
If you have any accessibility issues related to our blizzard bag content, please contact your teacher for copies of the assignments.
Pickerington Alternative School Assignments
Information on Blizzard Bags for Pickerington Alternative School will be available this fall.
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation