Skip to Content
Our District
At-a-Glance
Points of Pride
Board of Education
District Policies
Superintendent's Office
District Office
Finances
District Maps
Calendars and School Schedules
Snow / Calamity Days / Blizzard Bags
Enrolling (Welcome Center)
PTOs, Programs & Partners
District Forms
Pickerington Education Foundation
Our Schools
School Contact Info
Preschool
Fairfield Elementary
Heritage Elementary
Pickerington Elementary
Sycamore Creek Elementary
Toll Gate Elementary
Tussing Elementary
Violet Elementary
Diley Middle School
Harmon Middle School
Toll Gate Middle School
Lakeview Junior High
Ridgeview STEM Junior High
Pickerington HS Central
Pickerington HS North
Pickerington Alternative School
Academics
Student Handbooks
Teaching & Learning
English Learners
Gifted Services
Students With Disabilities
Testing and Assessment
Academic Performance
Technology in the Classroom
Instructional Technology Plan
Departments
Business Office
English Learners
Food Services
Gifted Services
Health Services
Human Resources
Technology
Public Relations
Students With Disabilities
Student Activities
Superintendent's Office
Teaching & Learning
Transportation
Treasurer's Office
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Directory
I want to
Learn About Snow Days, Delays and Blizzard Bags
Go To Infinite Campus
Contact My Child's Teacher or Principal
Check My Child's Bus Schedule
Change My Contact Information
Enroll in Pickerington Schools
Apply to Pickerington Preschool
Apply for a Job with Pickerington Schools
Apply to be a Substitute Teacher
See Current School Attendance Boundary Maps
Volunteer in the Schools
Add Money to a Lunch Account with "My Payments Plus"
Find Lunch Menus
Apply for Free and Reduced-Price Meals
Kindergarten Registration
Infinite Campus
News & Events
News
Events
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
Follow Our Schools on Social Media
Get School, District Calendars on Your Phone, Computer
                Want to know what's on tap in Pickerington Schools? Want to have the high school and junior high school athletics schedules on your own smart phone or computer? Now you can subscribe to the district calendar, individual school calendars, or school athletics calendars by using Google Calendar and the instructions below!
Please note: Because of the wide variety of digital calendar applications and devices, the exact process for subscribing to a district calendar to your own calendar may vary. The district is not able to provide technical support or exact installation instructions for every device for this service.             
Subscribing to Pickerington Schools' Google Calendars
Instructions
Please note that at this time syncing individual calendars can only be done on a computer. Once they are synced on a computer, though, they can be accessed on your mobile device by downloading the 
Google Calendar smart phone app
 for your iPhone or Android device.
If you do not have a Google Calendar, create one. Instructions are available 
online
.
A list of calendars can be found a little lower on this web page. Determine the calendar you want to subscribe to from the lists that appear below on this web page. Copy the email address that appears to the right of the calendar to which you want to subscribe. (Example: To subscribe to the District calendar, open “District and Assessment Calendars” and copy the appropriate email address.) 
Now, log in to your Google Calendar. You may need to locate the
 “waffle” switch and select Google Calendar. (The “waffle” looks like nine small boxes in a 3×3 grid. It typically appears near the top of your screen.)
On the left-hand side of the calendar, under “Other calendars,” is a box titled either “Add a coworker’s calendar” or “Add a friend’s calendar.” 
In this box, paste or type the email address you copied in Step 1.
Hit the “return” key. You should see existing events for the calendar you selected appear on your Google Calendar. 
Repeat steps 1 to 4 for all other Pickerington Schools calendars to which you want to subscribe.
Note: If you subscribe to multiple calendars, there may be times you want to turn some calendars on and off.
To hide a specific calendar, click on the associated box to the left of the name of that calendar.
 This will hide the calendar. 
To view the calendar again, click on the white box to the left of the name of the associated calendar.
  That calendar should once again be viewable.
Video Instructions
This 
tutorial
 will show you the basic steps for subscribing to one of the district’s Google calendars.
Unsubscribing From a Pickerington Schools Calendar
While in Google Calendar, click on the “Settings” button on the right side of the page. That button looks like a gear.
Pull down to “Settings.”
Click on “Calendars” at the top.
Under “Other Calendars” find the calendar you wish to unsubscribe. Click on the corresponding unsubscribe link.
This will then unsubscribe your Google calendar from that Pickerington Schools calendar.
District and Assessment Calendars
District calendar: pickerington_schools@plsd.us
Testing and assessment calendar: PLSD_assessment@plsd.us
Athletics Calendars
Pickerington High School Central athletics calendar: central_athletics@plsd.us
Pickerington High School North athletics calendar: north_athletics@plsd.us
Lakeview Junior High athletics calendar: lakeview_athletics@plsd.us
Ridgeview STEM Junior High athletics calendar: ridgeview_athletics@plsd.us
High School Calendars
Pickerington High School Central calendar: pickerington_high_school_central@plsd.us
Pickerington High School North calendar: pickerington_high_school_north@plsd.us
Junior High Calendars
Lakeview Junior High calendar: lakeview_junior_high@plsd.us
Ridgeview STEM Junior High calendar: ridgeview_junior_high@plsd.us
Middle School Calendars
Diley Middle School calendar: diley_middle@plsd.us
Harmon Middle School calendar: harmon_middle@plsd.us
Toll Gate Middle School calendar: toll_gate_middle@plsd.us
Elementary School Calendars
Fairfield Elementary calendar: fairfield_elementary@plsd.us
Heritage Elementary calendar: heritage_elementary@plsd.us
Pickerington Elementary calendar: pickerington_elementary@plsd.us
Sycamore Creek Elementary calendar: sycamore_creek_elementary@plsd.us
Toll Gate Elementary calendar: toll_gate_elementary@plsd.us
Tussing Elementary calendar: tussing_elementary@plsd.us
Violet Elementary calendar: violet_elementary@plsd.us
Viewing Calendars in Your Web Browser
Instructions
You can also view any of the individual calendars in your web browser by clicking on the link for the appropriate calendar in the lists provided below.
District and Assessment Calendars
District calendar
Testing and assessment calendar
Athletics Calendars
Pickerington High School Central athletics calendar
Pickerington High School North athletics calendar
Lakeview Junior High athletics calendar
Ridgeview STEM Junior High athletics calendar
High School Calendars
Pickerington High School Central calendar
Pickerington High School North calendar
Junior High Calendars
Lakeview Junior High calendar
Ridgeview STEM Junior High calendar
Middle School Calendars
Diley Middle School calendar
Harmon Middle School calendar
Toll Gate Middle School calendar
Elementary School Calendars
Fairfield Elementary calendar
Heritage Elementary calendar
Pickerington Elementary calendar
Sycamore Creek Elementary calendar
Toll Gate Elementary calendar
Tussing Elementary calendar
Violet Elementary calendar
Location:                         District Office                    
90 N. East Street
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 833-2110
Location:                         Welcome Center                    
130 Hill Road, #102
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
(614) 920-6180
SaferSchools Ohio Tipline
FERPA
Legal / Web Accessibility
Intranet Resources
Select Language
​
▼
Original text
Contribute a better translation