Twitter
Facebook
Vimeo
Instagram
E-mail: info@classicalacademy.com
About
About Us
Executive Director’s Message
En Español
Mission & Vision
About Charter Schools
Accolades
Video
Partnering With Parents Podcast
Safety & Security
Instructional Calendar
News
Academics
Educational Philosophy (Vision)
Program Options
Parent-Teacher Partnership
Personalized and Blended Learning
Arts Integration
Special Education
The 8 Keys of Excellence
21st Century Skills
Community Service
State Standards and Assessments
Learning Management System
LCAP
Locations
The Classical Academy, Escondido TK-8
Coastal Academy, Oceanside TK-8
The Classical Academy, Vista TK-8
Classical Academy Middle School, 7-8
Classical Academy High School 9-12
Classical Academy Online, Escondido 9-12
Coastal Academy High School 9-12
Community
Super STEM Saturday
Spring Art Show
JumpStart Conference
Coastal Academy High School Gala 2018
Musical Theater
Giving
Give Now
Why Give
Ways To Give
NCEF
Gift Matching
One Day For Education
Purchase a Brick
The INVEST Program
Invest Sponsors
Event Sponsorship
Give Back Education Programs
Contact
Board Agendas
Search
						          Menu					        													
General Complaint Policy
The Classical Academies has adopted this General Complaint Policy to address concerns about The Classical Academies generally or regarding specific employees. For complaints regarding harassment or perceived violations of state or federal laws, please refer to the Title IX, Harassment, Intimidation, Discrimination, and Bullying Policy and/or the Uniform Complaint Procedures. For all other complaints, the General Complaint form and accompanying procedures will be appropriate.
Internal Complaints
(Complaints by Employees against Employees)
This section of the policy is for use when a Classical Academy employee raises a complaint or concern about a co-worker.
If reasonably possible, internal complaints should be resolved at the lowest possible level, including attempts to discuss/resolve concerns with the immediate supervisor. However, in the event an informal resolution may not be achieved or is not appropriate, the following steps will be followed by the Director of Human Resources:
The complainant will bring the matter to the attention of the Director of Human Resources as soon as possible after attempts to resolve the complaint with the immediate supervisor have failed or if not appropriate; and
The complainant will reduce his or her complaint to writing, indicating all known and relevant facts. The Director of Human Resources or designee will then investigate the facts and provide a solution or explanation;
If the complaint is about the Director of Human Resources, the complainant may file his or her complaint in a signed writing to the Executive Director, who will then investigate the facts and provide a solution or explanation.
This policy cannot guarantee that every problem will be resolved to the employee’s satisfaction. However, The Classical Academies values each employee’s ability to express concerns and the need for resolution without fear of adverse consequence to employment.
Policy for Complaints Generally
(General Complaints and Complaints by Third Parties against Employees)
This section of the policy is for use when either a complaint does not fall under other complaint procedures or a third party (non-employee) raises a complaint or concern about The Classical Academies generally, or a Classical Academy employee.
If complaints cannot be resolved informally, complainants may file a written complaint with the Principal of the school site or Chair of the Board of Directors (only if the complaint concerns the Executive Director) as soon as possible after the events that give rise to the complainant’s concerns. The written complaint should set forth in detail the factual basis for the complaint.
In processing the complaint, the Principal (or designee) shall abide by the following process:
The Principal or designee shall use his or her best efforts to ascertain the facts relating to the complaint. Where applicable, the principal or designee shall talk with the parties identified in the complaint or persons with knowledge of the particulars of the complaint to ascertain said facts.
In the event that the Principal or designee finds that a complaint is valid, the Principal or designee may take appropriate action to resolve the problem. Where the complaint is against an employee of The Classical Academies, the Director of Human Resources may take disciplinary action against the employee. As appropriate, the Director of Human Resources may also simply counsel/reprimand employees as to their conduct without initiating formal disciplinary measures.
The Director of Human Resources decision relating to the complaint shall be final unless it is appealed to the Board of Directors of The Classical Academies. The decision of the Board of Directors shall be final.
General Requirements
1.              
Confidentiality
: All complainants will be notified that information obtained from the complainants and thereafter gathered will be maintained in a manner as confidential as possible, but in some circumstances absolute confidentiality cannot be assured.
2.              
Non-Retaliation
: All complainants will be advised that they will be protected against retaliation as a result of the filing of any complaints or participation in any complaint process.
3.              
Resolution
: The Board of Directors (if a complaint is about the Executive Director) or the Executive Director, Director of Human Resources or designee will investigate complaints appropriately under the circumstances and pursuant to the applicable procedures, and if necessary, take appropriate remedial measures to ensure effective resolution of any complaint.
To submit a complaint, fill out the General Complaint Form below and deliver by email or in person to the school site principal or director of human resources.
General Complaint Form
Home
About
Academics
Community
Giving
Contact
Contact
  | 
Career
 | 
Leadership
 | 
Board
 | 
News
 | 
Annual Report
 | 
Phone: 760-842-8000
Achievements & Awards
Privacy Policy
 | 
Disclaimer
Title IX
  | 
Uniform Complaint
 | 
General Complaint
© Copyright 2017 - The Classical Academies                         
Twitter
Facebook
Vimeo
Instagram
Scroll to top