admission
about us
Mission Statement
Principal’s Message
Staff
NYCMCS Board of Trustees
Employment
FAQ’s
programs
Montessori Approach
Learning Skills
Educational Programs
gallery
Photo Gallery
Art Gallery
get involved
Volunteer Opportunities
Donate
for our Parents
calendar
contact us
English
Español
Donate
SCHOOL NEWS
Exciting events for families
NYCMCS and Hostos C.C. to host Science Day
Upcoming Events
May
12
Sat
												11:00 am																															
											FAMILY FUN DAY/DIA DE DIVERSION ...																														
FAMILY FUN DAY/DIA DE DIVERSION ...
					May 12 @ 11:00 am – 3:00 pm			
This event has a Google Hangouts video call. Join: https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/nycmcs.org/family-fun-day?hceid=bnljbWNzLm9yZ192MTcxMG05M2RmbDY5djlpOG1odDN0MDZna0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t.33l24p68ihq97u319rupb3r5n4&hs=121
May
16
Wed
												9:00 am																															
											SCHOOL TOUR 9:00am																														
SCHOOL TOUR 9:00am
					May 16 @ 9:00 am – 10:00 am			
This event has a Google Hangouts video call. Join: https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/nycmcs.org/school-tour-9?hceid=bnljbWNzLm9yZ192MTcxMG05M2RmbDY5djlpOG1odDN0MDZna0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t.5khtkt2bvr47le62pg7q0c0m1n&hs=121
					View Calendar					
							Add						
				Add to Timely Calendar			
				Add to Google			
				Add to Outlook			
				Add to Apple Calendar			
				Add to other calendar			
				Export to XML			
Prev
Next
1
FAQ’s
What is a charter school?
Charter schools are public schools that operate according to a five-year performance contract or “charter.” They are held accountable for students’ academic performance and specific goals set forth in their charter. Like all public schools, charter schools must meet state standards and the requirements of all state and federal laws regarding health, safety, civil rights and student assessment.
What is a Montessori school?
Montessori schools follow the ideas of Maria Montessori. She was one of the first woman to receive a medical degree in Italy, an anthropologist and a pioneer educator. Her educational ideas stem from her observations of how children learn in diverse cultures. What she discovered is that:
Children are naturally motivated to learn.
All children are different. They are interested in different things, they are different stages in their development, and they learn in different ways. Some learn best by listening, others by watching. Others learn by interacting with things around them: observing, touching, building things, moving things around, smelling and even tasting them! Some learn very quickly and others work slowly and deliberately until they master something.
On the basis of these observations, Dr. Montessori developed an approach to education in which teachers:
Use children’s natural motivation to learn, and stimulate it
Respect and value individual differences by preparing different learning activities for each child – activities that take into account the child’s individual needs, interests, and learning style
Allow children to progress at their own pace, regardless of ability level or age
Encourage children to help one another and collaborate
Today, Dr. Montessori’s findings influence teachers in schools throughout the world. In the United States alone, some 200 public schools and close to 5,000 private schools trust in the proven success of the Montessori approach. Maria Montessori was twice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for her work with children.
What is a Montessori classroom like?
Montessori classrooms are attractive, bright, inviting spaces. Attractive learning materials that appeal to all the senses and stimulate logical thought and discovery are laid out on shelves around the room. Children work with these materials on their own or in collaboration with a friend. One teacher goes round the classroom observing and helping them as they work. A second teacher works with small groups of children to give them lessons on particular topics.
Is Montessori right for my child?
All children are welcome in Montessori classrooms. The Montessori approach works with all kinds of children and all kinds of learners, English language learners, and children with special needs.
How will the Montessori approach benefit my child?
Students in Montessori schools learn to be :
self-motivated
respectful of others
lovers of learning
hard workers
academically successful
good readers
good at math
thinkers
				©2014 The New York City Montessori Charter School. All Rights Reserved.
				423 East 138th Street, Bronx, NY 10454    T 347.226.9094    F 347.226.9097    E 
information@nycmcs.org