Newcastle Elementary School District
Home
About Us
District Vision
Contacts
District Plans
SARC
Staff Directory
District Boundaries
Charter Petitions
LCAPs
DAC (District Advisory Committee)
Board
Board Members
Role of the Board
Current Agenda and Packet
Agendas
Minutes
Board Policies
District Vision, Values and Goals
Departments
Business Office
Curriculum & Instruction
Food Services
Human Resources
Superintendent's Office
Technology
Transportation
Staff Site
Special Education
Facilities
Health Services
Athletics
Parents
PUHSD Attendance and Transfer Policy
Williams Uniform Complaint Procedures
Emergency Response FAQs
SBAC
Calendars
Objection to Disclosure of Student Information and Records Form
Disclosure of Student Records
Update on SB277 RE: Immunizations
Walkability Report
Employment
Applications
Health Insurance Benefits
Job Openings
Contact Us
Emergency Response FAQs
Q: Is my child safe at school during an emergency?
A: Yes. School staff is prepared to care for students during and after many types of emergencies and disasters. They regularly practice responding to emergencies, and the district has initiated a comprehensive planning process to assure the safety of all students and staff. In addition, school buildings are very well constructed and inspected regularly. Your child is very safe at school.
Q: What should I do if my child is at school during an emergency?
A: Please—Do not come to the school during an emergency! Coming to school during an emergency can interfere with emergency first responders (Fire, Police, Ambulance, etc.) and can create additional problems. Your child is safe at school, and if necessary, you will be able to pick up your child after the emergency has passed.
Q: Who can pick-up my child from school?
A: Only those people who are listed on the Registration/Emergency Card may pick-up your child from school, so it is very important that the information on these cards is up to date and accurate. If you work out of the area, you may wish to have someone you trust--who lives close to the school--listed on your child’s Registration/Emergency Card. Cards are sent home with students and returned to school at the beginning of the school year. You can make changes then, or come to the school office and tell the staff you want to update the Registration/Emergency Card.
Q: How will I be contacted if an emergency situation occurs on my student's campus?
A: Depending on the nature of the emergency, parents will be informed through a letter home, messages on the District Website or a School Messenger phone message to Emergency Contact numbers. Please be sure that all contact numbers are up to date and accurate. E-mail messages may also be sent if an e-mail address is provided on the student's Emergency Card.
Q: If my child is hurt, will they be taken care of at school?
A: Yes. School staff members are trained in First Aid, and there are school nurses and nurse assistants available. Schools also have medical supplies ready to use in an emergency. Students who are seriously injured will be taken to receive appropriate medical care at a hospital or emergency treatment center.
Q: How long will the school care for my child?
A:  School staff will take care of your child until you or a person designated on the Registration/Emergency Card arrives. Your child will have food to eat, and be safe and comfortable at school.
Q: What can I do to prepare for an emergency?
A: Every home should have emergency supplies and a plan of what to do in the event of a disaster.
Q: How will we communicate if the phones don’t work?
A: In a major emergency (like a major earthquake) electricity and phones will probably not work. Many announcements will be made over the radio, so having a battery operated radio is a good idea. Please visit the following links for comprehensive emergency preparedness information.
Emergency Preparedness Links
Ready.gov
Emergency preparation information from the Department of Homeland Security.
FEMA
Federal Emergency Management Agency information and resources
American Red Cross
American Red Cross preparedness information.
DisabilityInfo.gov
Federal government information for disability-related information and resources.
PTA.org
Parent resources on safety from the National Parent Teacher Association.
Ready.gov for Pets
Emergency Preparation for Pets
Disaster and Crisis Recovery
Red Cross
Facing Fear was developed for educators and caregivers of children help children cope in uncertain times.
National Mental Health Information Center
US Dept of Health and Human Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Division (SAMHSA). Tips for talking about disasters with kids.
Next of Kin Registry
The Next Of Kin Registry is a free tool for emergencies and national disasters.
Placer Union High School District Attendance and Transfer Policy
Williams Uniform Complaint Procedures
									Emergency Response FAQs								
SBAC
Calendars
Objection to Disclosure of Student Information and Records Form
Disclosure of Student Records
Walkability Report
© Newcastle Elementary School District
645 Kentucky Greens Way, Newcastle, CA 95658
Phone: (916) 259-2832 Fax: (916) 259-2835
Search
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
Follow Us
Twitter
RSS
Newcastle ESD Home
powered by Edlio