Newcastle Elementary School District
Home
About Us
District Vision
Contacts
District Plans
SARC
Staff Directory
District Boundaries
Charter Petitions
LCAPs
DAC (District Advisory Committee)
Board
Board Members
Role of the Board
Current Agenda and Packet
Agendas
Minutes
Board Policies
District Vision, Values and Goals
Departments
Business Office
Curriculum & Instruction
Food Services
Human Resources
Superintendent's Office
Technology
Transportation
Staff Site
Special Education
Facilities
Health Services
Athletics
Parents
PUHSD Attendance and Transfer Policy
Williams Uniform Complaint Procedures
Emergency Response FAQs
SBAC
Calendars
Objection to Disclosure of Student Information and Records Form
Disclosure of Student Records
Update on SB277 RE: Immunizations
Walkability Report
Employment
Applications
Health Insurance Benefits
Job Openings
Contact Us
News and Announcements
							SELPA Notice of Public Hearing						
							The Placer County Special Education Local Plan Area (SELPA) Council of Superintendent’s
(COS) has scheduled a Public Hearing for the purpose of reviewing the Annual Budget Plan and
Annual Service Plan for the Local Education Agencies in the Placer County SELPA as required
by Education Code Section 56205(b)(1)(2).							
 Read More » 							
							WATER QUALITY TESTING RESULTS						
							While students have been getting ready for academic testing, we have been waiting for the results of our water testing. Great news!  NEWCASTLE SCHOOL DISTRICT’S WATER IS FREE FROM HARMFUL LEAD LEVELS!							
 Read More » 							
							Annual State of the District Letter						
							February 2018
Dear Newcastle Staff, Parents, and Community Members:
Each year, we as a Board take a moment to reflect on the many opportunities we have had at Newcastle Elementary School District, and to thank you for allowing us to serve the community in this role.  
The 17-18 school year welcomed many new additions to our District and our school.  Adding to our student service team are our new Principal, Director of Technology, and Coordinator of Curriculum and Instruction/Site Supports.   Some of the more visible additions of Phase 1 modernization projects at Newcastle Elementary and Charter School are our new field, parking lot, bus loop area, landscape and connecting stairs and ramp.  Additionally, our 7th and 8th-grade students are in new classrooms with interactive technology and extended “learning café” space.  6th - 8th-grade students are have transitioned to Chromebooks with keyboards.  This past fall also brought our solar panels online and are generating energy for the school.
We are currently planning and preparing for Phase 2 of our modernization.  This next summer will take us into the classrooms and refresh the learning spaces of our Kindergarten through 6th-grade students. When students return in the fall of 2018, they will find new paint, cabinetry, carpet, furniture, technology and more.
In keeping with tradition while we transition, we continue to provide a free afternoon bus, stellar Music, Spanish, and P.E. programs, our Positive Behavior Intervention & Support (PBIS), our Student Intervention Team (SIT), and our STEM and homework programs. These are just a few of  the opportunities created to improve outcomes for students!  A continuing source of pride is that once again, we remain among the top scoring districts in the County on State assessments.
These accomplishments do not happen in isolation but are a result of the continued collaborative effort from every corner of our District. This level of success comes from the hard work of families and staff working together in support of students; this partnership is the true core of our extraordinary schools.  We are deeply grateful to our staff, our parents and our administrators for their professional and tireless efforts in helping our students reach their full potential.
We invite you to participate in our monthly Board meetings, held on the 2nd Wednesday of each month at the Newcastle School District Office. Agendas and information are available on our website: www.newcastle.k12.ca.us. We encourage your involvement and welcome your input as we look forward to another great year for Newcastle Elementary School District in 2018. Thank you for your willingness to support our students and the wonderful opportunities coming our way.
Sincerely,
Sarah Gillmore, President
On behalf of the Newcastle Elementary School District Board of Trustees							
 Download File 							
							NOTICE REGARDING PREQUALIFICATION FOR NESD						
							Notice is hereby given by Newcastle Elementary School District (“District”) that general contractors and mechanical, electrical and plumbing subcontractors planning to submit a bid or proposal for the District’s Modernization projects (“Project”) will be required to prequalify pursuant to Public Contract Code § 20111.6 prior to bidding or submitting a proposal.  Prequalification application packages are available on the District’s website or at the District’s main office located at 645 Kentucky Greens Way, Newcastle, California 95658.  Prequalification application packets must be completed and returned to the District’s main office no later than 2:00 p.m., February 6, 2018.
This prequalification packet includes a questionnaire and financial statement, to be verified under oath.  The District will use the information and documentation required by the packet to prequalify general contractors and mechanical, electrical and plumbing subcontractors in accordance with applicable law.  
Inquiries may be emailed to sue.wesselius@yahoo.com.							
 Download File 							
							NOTICE OF RESIGNATION AND PROVISION APPOINTMENT						
							The Governing Board of the Newcastle Elementary School District has made a Provisional Appointment to fill a vacancy until the next regularly scheduled election.
Laura Newby was appointed during the December 12, 2017 Board Meeting to fill the vacancy left by Jeff Sevey’s resignation. Ms. Newby’s term will expire on December 1, 2018. The Board acknowledges that voters of the District may file a petition with the County Superintendent of Schools within thirty (30) days of this action requesting that a special election be held to fill the vacancy by election instead of by appointment.
(Ed Code Section 5091C)							
 Read More » 							
							BUS INFORMATION 2017-2018						
							NESD Solar Photovoltaic Project - Administrative Draft Initial Study/Mitigated Negative Declaration						
							New Construction Information						
			RSS Feed		
© Newcastle Elementary School District
645 Kentucky Greens Way, Newcastle, CA 95658
Phone: (916) 259-2832 Fax: (916) 259-2835
Search
Google Translate
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Swedish
Vietnamese
Follow Us
Twitter
RSS
Newcastle ESD Home
powered by Edlio